http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autism http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algeria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_11 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Schopenhauer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghanistan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Korzybski http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Revolutionary_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_the_Great http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegean_Sea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Nobel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Graham_Bell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kurosawa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apiaceae http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alps http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Jean_Fresnel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaximander http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_(programming_language) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assembly_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcuin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALGOL http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert,_Duke_of_Prussia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspirin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aachen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertus_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_XIII_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alhazen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Bakr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaxagoras http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acetylene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Lavoisier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Selkirk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Smith http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_English http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Volta http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Carnegie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_17 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Centauri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerigo_Vespucci http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acropolis_of_Athens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Rodin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphasia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aorta http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_American http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_ST http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assyria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Eddington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdour http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Celsius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelbert_Cuyp http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_2600 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Sakharov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcoholism http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amputation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria-Hungary http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldebaran http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_S._Tanenbaum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Sax http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andersonville,_Georgia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azores http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Frederick,_Duke_of_Prussia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansbach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronx http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Clinton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bermuda http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Labs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Isles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Wall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandenburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bal_Thackeray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauhaus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastille_Day http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Disraeli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckingham_Palace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Franklin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bletchley_Park http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bede http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BCPL http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Kernighan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaise_Pascal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordeaux http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_Saint_Benedict http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnard_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(biology) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backgammon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Holly http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Frankston http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_(programming_language) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakelite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugatti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baku http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_DB http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behistun_Inscription http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Marathon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkans http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._F._Skinner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Army http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bryson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_music http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Kane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chaplin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlemagne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czechoslovakia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Columbus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Shannon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_Cthulhu_(role-playing_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._S._Forester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Baudelaire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._S._Lewis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbonate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyanide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_(programming_language) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cytosine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicero http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sanders_Peirce http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Ashton_Smith http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Springs,_Colorado http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Debussy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Goldbach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridgeshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crux http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connecticut http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Dublin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Monet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carthage http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Panthers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cnidaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COBOL http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalonia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_of_Aragon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Messier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_nervous_system http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_the_Great http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_blindness http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Pissarro http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lyell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Borgia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholera http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerebrospinal_fluid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Mathematics_Institute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_America http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Louis_Berthollet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lynch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Equipment_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Engelbart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digitalis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante_Alighieri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Defoe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Ritchie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democritus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Day http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comedian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diving http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_depressive_disorder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth,_Devon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin,_Northern_Territory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brewster http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocletian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Bricklin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Gabriel_Fahrenheit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Strangelove http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DARPA http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Seuss http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Order http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Louis_David http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diophantus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Tower http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Mayr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Union http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Hemingway http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etruscan_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erfurt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Spenser http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Barrett_Browning http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Rice_Burroughs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Haeckel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvard_Munch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EastEnders http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Canal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethanol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edsger_W._Dijkstra http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Clapton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Reinhold http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epicurus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Wigner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desiderius_Erasmus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphrates http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Broadcasting_Union http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Hubble http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epilepsy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folk_music http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Nietzsche http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Armed_Forces http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Medal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flanders http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontainebleau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_D._Roosevelt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figure_skating http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Bureau_of_Investigation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortran http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Wayne,_Indiana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulham_F.C. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Bacon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Wankel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Crick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Franco http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Drake http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Abel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Bessel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_II,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Assisi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Man http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothenburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottlieb_Fichte http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_of_Finland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guglielmo_Marconi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_de_Maupassant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Flaubert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Kirchhoff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genetic_disorder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Klimt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgius_Agricola http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Mendel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stephenson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Hopper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary,_Indiana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Empire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giraffe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Electric http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Harrison http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Chaucer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bernard_Shaw http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gestapo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Boccaccio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Navy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Frederick,_Margrave_of_Brandenburg-Ansbach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerolamo_Cardano http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilgamesh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_See http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haiti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Himmler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Hertz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebrew_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Walpole http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippocrates http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fielding http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Hesse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodotus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipparchus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Schliemann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Lords http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Koch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraclitus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Beagle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_of_the_United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harwich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanseatic_League http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmann_Schedel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_A._Simon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrik_Ibsen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Eugene_Edgerton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Man http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_hockey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Mathematical_Union http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Astronomical_Union http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insulin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ithaca,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Personal_Computer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Space_Station http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Wight http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Olympic_Committee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Airways http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Joyce http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeep http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Kepler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Gutenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Verne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Luis_Borges http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Goebbels http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cocteau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Reynolds http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Donne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_(programming_language) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_von_Neumann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Napier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Weizenbaum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Hus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_von_Liebig http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Elert_Bode http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimi_Hendrix http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Watt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Locke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lind http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Wedgwood http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Sartre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Watson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ambrose_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Brahms http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_McCarthy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abernethy_(surgeon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy_Space_Center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wycliffe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lister,_1st_Baron_Lister http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_krona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Cobain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevlar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabul http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_upon_Thames http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLM http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie_Minogue http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaolinite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaroo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Lorenz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Tsiolkovsky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerguelen_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandahar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Torvalds http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Nebraska http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Pasteur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Wittgenstein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Underground http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luftwaffe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_England http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Plunkett,_18th_Baron_of_Dunsany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_van_Beethoven http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Superior http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Leakey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisp_(programming_language) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lise_Meitner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupus_(constellation) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisbon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnica http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_1-2-3 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logo_(programming_language) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_von_Sacher-Masoch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Pacioli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Saxony http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindisfarne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_America http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long-Term_Capital_Management http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodovico_Ferrari http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Pirandello http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_the_Evangelist http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComedyGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MINIX http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowering_plant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongols http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldova http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monaco http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morocco http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_disorder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Cervantes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maimonides http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Horkheimer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Weber http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Project http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Minsky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Friedman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Economist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ventris http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_(planet) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Polanyi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Faraday http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Vipsanius_Agrippa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeira http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._C._Escher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariner_4 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Excel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Curie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morphine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_the_Apostle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdeburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migraine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurel_Stein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NATO http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Football_League http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballLeague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Americans_in_the_United_States http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nile http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Armstrong http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Sea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands_Antilles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicaragua http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerve http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Chamberlain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitroglycerin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nereid_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Louis_de_Lacaille http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niklaus_Wirth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Territory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitric_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Dakota http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mexico http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normandy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Hawthorne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagasaki http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nervous_system http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Security_Agency http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Latin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Gaiman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ophiuchus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberlin_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Wilde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_English_Dictionary http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orkney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okapi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchidaceae http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organization_of_American_States http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occidental_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Heaviside http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ehrlich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plato http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punch_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pythagoras http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piri_Reis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penicillin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Steelers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potato http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Oregon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraphilia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrarch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platypus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_(programming_language) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Alexander_VII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Alexander_VI http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Alexander_III http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXIII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Adrian_IV http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Martin_V http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Benedict_XIII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percival_Lowell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Pius_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Clement_V http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peloponnesian_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Clement_VIII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Clement_XI http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Clement_VII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Westminster http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Picasso http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Gregory_V http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulitzer_Prize http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Gregory_XI http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Gregory_XII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Gregory_XIII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parma http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Urban_VI http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polar_bear http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyvinyl_chloride http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Curie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Ilyich_Tchaikovsky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plutarch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Auguste_Renoir http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Sylvester_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_music http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Innocent_XI http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Innocent_XII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dirac http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proclus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_Canal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembroke_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pong http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procyon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poliomyelitis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountains http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_music http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Nixon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Feynman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Chandler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Air_Force http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowing_(sport) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Republic http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bacon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphus_Agricola http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCA http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_II,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_E._Howard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fulton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Penrose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roswell,_New_Mexico http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Waldo_Emerson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Botanic_Gardens,_Kew http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudyard_Kipling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Louis_Stevenson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Benedict http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Siodmak http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moog http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Dakota http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_America http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solanales http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Spielberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_King http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Bay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saladin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suleiman_the_Magnificent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schutzstaffel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Original_Series http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schleswig-Holstein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epileptic_seizure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Lucia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_49ers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samoa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svalbard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeleton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanskrit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schizophrenia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Germain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Papert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savoy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Wozniak http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semi-Automatic_Ground_Environment http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salicylic_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Shuttle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Shuttle_Challenger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scurvy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Harbour_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarawak http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santorini http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinclair_QL http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Gaelic http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuttering http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Septimius_Severus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse,_Sicily http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sputnik_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Punic_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuttgart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statue_of_Liberty http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_of_Northumbria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Plath http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syphilis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_of_Marmara http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John,_New_Brunswick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Highlands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shetland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Oil http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SQL http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Cray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulfuric_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suez_Canal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylab http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_American http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Banach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taurus_(constellation) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasmania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hobbes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Origin_of_Species http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jefferson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tractatus_Logico-Philosophicus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thyroid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeX http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thailand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveller_(role-playing_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hague http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X-Files http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiber http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TECO_(text_editor) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tierra_del_Fuego http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuberculosis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Troubles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyre,_Lebanon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytetrafluoroethylene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_Award http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuringia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Yorker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo,_Spain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taito_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hunt_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Nelson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typhoid_fever http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Armed_Forces http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Congress http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursa_Major http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_S._Grant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Nations http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uppsala http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uppsala_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterhouse,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uterus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rochester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Eco http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Arizona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbriel_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Virgin_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Military_Academy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USS_Monitor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Armed_Forces http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Canterbury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltaire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venezuela http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatican_City http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice_Film_Festival http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FilmFestival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Vesalius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitamin_C http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vespasian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermont http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_van_Gogh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VisiCalc http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_(city) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vega http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitruvius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyager_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vannevar_Bush http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kennedy_Dickson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Withering http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shakespeare http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_music http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web_Consortium http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Blake http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Churchill http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morris http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomson,_1st_Baron_Kelvin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welsh_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Randolph_Hearst http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Burroughs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Ockham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_Pact http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar_Republic http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._B._Yeats http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_wolf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Gropius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Seward_Burroughs_I http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wassily_Kandinsky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Whitman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worms,_Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_the_Conqueror http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Pauli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Ostwald http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenophon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Wundt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Gagarin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_fever http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeast http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fungus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowstone_National_Park http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1999 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1624 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1642 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1661 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1964 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1952 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1977 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1947 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1984 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1756 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1791 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1608 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1818 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1743 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1826 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1492 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1908 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1911 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1951 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1931 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1917 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1926 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1949 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1918 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1997 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1948 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1957 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1969 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1993 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1828 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1901 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1912 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1939 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1913 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1944 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1945 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1788 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1942 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1943 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1946 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1787 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1905 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1941 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1996 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1903 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1990 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1980 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1863 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1859 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1998 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1907 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1963 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1904 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1902 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1929 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1968 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1974 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1564 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1995 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1866 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1961 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1848 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1919 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1959 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1976 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1960 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1896 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1992 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1988 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1972 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1936 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1956 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1928 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1895 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1861 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1920 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1916 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1648 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1572 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1937 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1623 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1662 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1910 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1966 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1782 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1789 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1840 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1883 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1801 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1809 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1833 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1890 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1940 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1991 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1707 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1889 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1888 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1893 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1897 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1885 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1881 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1962 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1690 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1764 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1742 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1876 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1735 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1688 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1807 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1797 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1873 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1971 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1573 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1574 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1857 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1965 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1796 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1875 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1975 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1967 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1973 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1982 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1978 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1987 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1983 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1986 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1979 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1728 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1871 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1872 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1870 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1874 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1877 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1882 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1880 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1887 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1932 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1981 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1476 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1854 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1542 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1860 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1862 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1867 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1869 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1868 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1894 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1899 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1898 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1891 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1829 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/79 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1884 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1886 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1985 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1955 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1644 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1582 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1765 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1403 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1752 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1451 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1923 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1481 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1933 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1925 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1512 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1566 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1520 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1922 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1953 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1595 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1603 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1687 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1617 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1640 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1691 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1703 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1695 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1730 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1754 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1774 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1757 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1808 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1839 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1823 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1618 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1930 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1792 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1790 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1652 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1841 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1842 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1680 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1598 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1815 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1636 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1858 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1720 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1794 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1878 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1927 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1810 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1814 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1812 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1837 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1843 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1852 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1847 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1844 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1535 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1557 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1568 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1755 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1958 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1802 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1819 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1813 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1821 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1879 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1503 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1554 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1622 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1650 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1685 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1762 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1806 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1594 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1850 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1632 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1935 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1934 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1954 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1469 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1611 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1851 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1600 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1853 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1500 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1827 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1822 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1593 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1677 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1596 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1646 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1716 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1830 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1846 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1805 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1803 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1770 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1601 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1804 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1670 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1855 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1546 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1630 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1604 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1605 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1607 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1606 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1665 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1612 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1610 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1609 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1550 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1614 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1561 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1615 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1620 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1621 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1616 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1627 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1540 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1560 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1628 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1625 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1588 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1638 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1629 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1631 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1633 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1635 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1637 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1639 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1641 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1643 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1565 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1767 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1300 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1845 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1849 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/46 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/62 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/804 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1793 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1758 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/750 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/751 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/634 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/782 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/790 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/793 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/796 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/797 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1781 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1799 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1506 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1498 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1856 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1836 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1838 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1835 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1834 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2002 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1832 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1825 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1824 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1783 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1537 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1820 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1592 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2004 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1816 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1817 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/450 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1811 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/393 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1732 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1771 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1779 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1798 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1795 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1786 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1785 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1784 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1780 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1750 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1723 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1773 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1777 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1769 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1768 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1772 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1766 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1761 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1763 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1753 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1751 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1760 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1671 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1759 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1585 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1749 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1748 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1745 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1746 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1747 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1744 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1739 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1738 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1740 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1741 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1737 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1734 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1733 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1736 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1731 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1729 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1726 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1725 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1724 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1722 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1778 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1775 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2008 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1721 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1003 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1004 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1006 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/868 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1710 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2005 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1122 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1152 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1147 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1156 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1187 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1215 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1536 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1394 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1431 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1415 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1437 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1487 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/995 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1519 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2003 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1477 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1555 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1649 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1697 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2006 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1454 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1655 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1689 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2007 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1666 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1523 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1654 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/61_Cygni http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/704 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/702 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/700 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1120 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1128 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1018 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1055 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1480 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1461 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1398 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1651 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Higgins_White http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embryo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Embryology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_B._Chaffee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_Grissom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1054 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pericles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1493 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Debye http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cray-1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infection http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Heidegger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Pauling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etruscan_civilization http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Europe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrous_oxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariner_9 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Museum_of_Art http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BroadcastNetwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Condorcet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seville http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosquito http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Teller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augsburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Leo_X http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_(color) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maynard_Keynes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Economist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidney_stone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University_in_Prague http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony-Anhalt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avignon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_10 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Machen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Boole http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancreas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singer_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1714 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pas-de-Calais http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adenine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1158 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1599 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1591 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1589 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1590 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1586 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1584 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1583 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1581 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1580 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1579 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1578 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1576 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1577 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1575 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1570 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1567 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1647 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1645 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1653 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1656 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1658 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1659 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1660 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1663 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1668 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1664 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1669 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1667 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1717 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1715 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1708 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1718 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1719 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1705 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1706 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1709 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1713 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1701 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1704 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1698 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1712 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1700 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1702 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1694 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1696 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1699 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1692 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1693 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1686 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1682 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1683 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1681 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1684 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1678 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1679 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1675 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1676 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1674 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1673 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1672 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1563 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1562 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1559 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1553 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1551 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1552 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1547 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1548 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1549 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1545 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1544 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1541 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1538 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1539 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1533 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1530 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1527 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1526 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1525 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1524 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1518 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1516 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1515 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1514 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1513 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1511 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1510 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1507 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1508 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1505 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1504 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1502 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1501 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1021 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perpignan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Robert_Oppenheimer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_S._Mulliken http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_I,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_and_Indian_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Large_Magellanic_Cloud http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_II,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Scientist http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1497 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1496 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1494 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1488 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1490 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1486 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1482 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1475 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primo_Levi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1450 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1347 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1376 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1377 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1378 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1404 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1407 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1409 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Logie_Baird http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_leg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Galsworthy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1936_Summer_Olympics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stomach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund_II_Augustus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_of_Motion_Picture_Arts_and_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret,_Maid_of_Norway http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1417 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1418 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1414 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1420 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1423 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1428 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1438 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1446 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1305 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1309 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1271 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1190 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1166 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1038 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1198 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1131 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1159 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1183 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Makepeace_Thackeray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botulism http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Priestley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubble_Space_Telescope http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_IV_of_the_United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_III_of_Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul,_Minnesota http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Florey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Woese http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_II,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meissen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northanger_Abbey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Grimm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonie_van_Leeuwenhoek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Jung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psychological_Association http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_III_of_the_United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greeks http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kassel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Hugo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Everest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katowice http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Weekend_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1280 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_Khrushchev http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_Eighty_Days http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiesbaden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Duchamp http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_East_India_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cologne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagia_Sophia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philo_Farnsworth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Henricus_van_'t_Hoff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Free_State http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echinoderm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callisto_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2010 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_IV_of_the_United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Drygalski http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Barton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_North_Whitehead http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_David_Thoreau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_powers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whigs_(British_political_party) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/250 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lombardy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apartment http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hudson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Bruckner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco-Prussian_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barents_Sea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dalton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Medici http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Evans http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Pound http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_de'_Medici http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_the_Great http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metafont http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulugh_Beg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bessemer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_the_Great http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triton_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_West_Indies http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_II,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pluto http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raphael http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rib http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Maine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcium_carbonate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Blanc http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schumann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asthma http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pliny_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Antoinette http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuthbert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garonne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Fromm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Goodall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleonic_Wars http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marfan_syndrome http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pylos http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peloponnese http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrara http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Berry http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldavia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halley's_Comet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eratosthenes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_II_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magenta http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Academy_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rye http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambyses_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leiden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catiline http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Cork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even-toed_ungulate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimean_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Bernoulli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vesuvius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Hahn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2013 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Celtes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_I http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Vesta http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_III_of_England http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ames_Research_Center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neurosis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Peninsula http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Averroes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Victoria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Mellon_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Ravel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torquato_Tasso http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/320 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Theresa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_University_Press http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_vessel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Johnson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2014 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosemite_National_Park http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvert_County,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_John's_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_of_1905 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragnar_Lodbrok http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reims http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eventing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Andrews_Millikan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Thames http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ohm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Galton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potsdam http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regensburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_(duchy) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Brandt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larynx http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Milvian_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayreuth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina,_Queen_of_Sweden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien-Marie_Legendre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bern http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hooke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Strindberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Guericke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almohad_Caliphate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_I_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosemite_Valley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lviv http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groningen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Savonarola http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Broglie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Gently's_Holistic_Detective_Agency http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantua http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padua http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/973 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canaan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugs_Bunny http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_dye http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Kentucky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Joachim_Rheticus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Nevada_(U.S.) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancashire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mule http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucrose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkinsonism http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerebral_palsy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_fir http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Pitt_Rivers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomnia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulfur_dioxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lapworth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Huron http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunschweig http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vichy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_le_Rond_d'Alembert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leicester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiltshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maluku_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XVI_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/220 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2017 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2020 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbonic_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poitiers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samarkand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevastopol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shropshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgolfier_brothers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Atomic_Energy_Commission http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Joseph_I_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Tzu http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eschscholzia_californica http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinway_&_Sons http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ussher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strabo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pneumonia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citrus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Asturias http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darmstadt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2022 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Wolfram http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Pavlov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physiology_or_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Republic http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Sullivan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charon_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Kuiper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Wren http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Vienna http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2030 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Derrida http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Williams http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincolnshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camillo_Golgi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_de_Milo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxfordshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerville_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Nimoy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methuselah http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_Connecticut http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Becquerel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bautista_de_Anza http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Lake_City http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophus_Lie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Havre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwark http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retinol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_body http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganymede_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_W._Nimitz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_II_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_County,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lloyd_Webber http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennine_Alps http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminsterfullerene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_McClintock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Mach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dewar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schenectady,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Crusoe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeWS http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gout http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innsbruck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Emerson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Bridges http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Stradivari http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourette_syndrome http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lactose_intolerance http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Electrical_and_Electronics_Engineers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_de_Moivre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circulatory_system http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagstaff,_Arizona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastman_Kodak http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brno http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_von_Krafft-Ebing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodium_hydroxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapolis,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pituitary_gland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_IV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_Data_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrocellulose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_bee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tryptophan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_brothers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thymine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Ulbricht http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Kentucky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Bay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerebral_cortex http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth,_Scotland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heike_Kamerlingh_Onnes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Murdoch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_University_in_St._Louis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diphtheria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potomac_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majorca http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syriac_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Wilhelm_Scheele http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papal_States http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarragona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murcia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minorca http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northumberland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Shackleton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Barentsz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_(nuclear_test) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eastman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eadweard_Muybridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_on_Pearl_Harbor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Midway http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Matisse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Springsteen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forsyte_Saga http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amherst_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamburgh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Democratic_Party_of_Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Florida http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Mendeleev http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poitou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Como http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Brin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialist_Unity_Party_of_Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Page http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Tribune http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardus_Mercator http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bristol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Peary http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Warwick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_College_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leicestershire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Browning http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Braille http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorer_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Born http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephenson's_Rocket http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Stein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Beaumarchais http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Seurat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Ray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_de_Beauvoir http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._L._Hunley_(submarine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninotchka http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Poussin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XVIII_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horn_of_Africa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crinoid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psittacidae http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantucket http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbon_Restoration http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salerno http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._B._S._Haldane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modena http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackinac_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_X_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_III http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinea_pig http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_la_Cierva http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_music http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Chagall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Degas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haarlem http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Garbo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredric_March http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lorre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formaldehyde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaragoza http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potassium_nitrate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Spain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zilog http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gironde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gauguin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Bernoulli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_the_Apostle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attention_deficit_hyperactivity_disorder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahiti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston,_Lincolnshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Mahler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Pepper's_Lonely_Hearts_Club_Band http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhny_Novgorod http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Historical_Review http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumerian_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellesmere_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Komarov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithsonian_Institution http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angina_pectoris http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_Freeman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Sandy_Desert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Modern_Art http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wadsworth_Longfellow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloride http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ives http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_St_Denis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fern http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberon_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Schoenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placenta http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Embryology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testicle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Douglas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Liszt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austrian_Armed_Forces http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottinghamshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_and_Clyde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_of_Alexandria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frombork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huesca http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Caen_Lower_Normandy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxerxes_I_of_Persia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Prussia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limburg_(Belgium) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonium http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baffin_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_gastrointestinal_tract http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Steno http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedfordshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._J._Thomson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_upon_Tyne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Binet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_II_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_the_Lion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_V,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_the_Interior http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enochian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Lisa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_the_Lucky_Rabbit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Barrier_Reef http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Backus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lymphatic_system http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lymphoma http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Steinhaus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyendra_Nath_Bose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Dreyfus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segovia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++ http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_VIC-20 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._M._W._Turner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_William,_Duke_of_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_from_the_Black_Lagoon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Dumont_d'Urville http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_(Disney) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Mersenne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Abbey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Supper_(Leonardo_da_Vinci) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_University_Press http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Peter's_Basilica http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falmouth,_Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacoma_Narrows_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.T._the_Extra-Terrestrial http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eixample http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertie_the_Dinosaur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Hook http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Abbott_McNeill_Whistler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connacht http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaphylaxis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_(Pliny) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pac-Man http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_Chlorus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andromeda_Galaxy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saumur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Steklov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koszalin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licinius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gamow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galerius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Presper_Eckert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pupil http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristarchus_of_Samos http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help!_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Biot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Capet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_Germans http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Semmelweis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Duchess_Anastasia_Nikolaevna_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thing_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_IX_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_a_Doubt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Boulevard_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Butler_Yeats http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dipper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxentius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert,_Prince_Consort http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Lisa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_IV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyethylene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_VIII_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XII_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dish_Network http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Channel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Monge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mauchly http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Sutherland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketchpad http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Neumayer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harun_al-Rashid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimpanzee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ehrenfest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delos http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Christian_Gram http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-en-Provence http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mausolus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pitt_the_Younger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herald_Sun http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touraine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Piazzi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Miyamoto http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Tamm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Landau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_American_World_Airways http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Bros. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_(province) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crotone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandeis_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mir http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acetyl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Lorrain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Marius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Palace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Newcomen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Savery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Prescott_Joule http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amiens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Papin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Brentano http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_TV3 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_3 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_3 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_4 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_Young_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Barbara_County,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_County,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourges http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._W._Murnau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usedom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloroform http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lindbergh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Lubitsch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aude http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manchester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childbirth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Little_Hen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HollywoodCartoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_d'Urbervilles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anemia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Languedoc http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trichinosis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Bugatti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tufts_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_J._Date http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsor_McCay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Paris http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Thorndike http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Earhart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atherosclerosis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgundy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utica,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calais http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelard_of_Bath http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Margaret_Cameron http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leiden_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcassonne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadar_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ejnar_Hertzsprung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOT_Polish_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashmolean_Museum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Korolev http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinoco http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Lancashire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haute-Marne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baden-Baden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Johann_Seebeck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_de_Poitiers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eeyore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loir-et-Cher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wilson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_Corpse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkirk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_River_(Western_Australia) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompei http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Franklin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loiret http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oise http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_James http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecklenburg_County,_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynchburg,_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton,_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_B._Watson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Radcliffe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsar_Bomba http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Suspension_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streptococcal_pharyngitis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_fever http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Miller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasadena,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auglaize_County,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blois http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Weierstrass http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_F._Codd http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pierpont_Langley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athanasius_Kircher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Religious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomsbury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiswick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holloway,_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kew http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notting_Hill http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockwell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulder,_Colorado http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twickenham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke_Newington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford,_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_County,_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_submachine_gun http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saginaw_County,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Piaget http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stirling_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Vincent_Atanasoff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picardy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nautilus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James_Parish,_Louisiana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Collins_(astronaut) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Zinnemann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrichshafen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstanz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piraeus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophrastus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt_(Oder) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ernst_Stahl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristoxenus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Yarmouth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basal_ganglia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dijon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countryside_Agency http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hamming http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_the_Great http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fox_Talbot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaf_Stapledon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Midgley,_Jr. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Nightingale http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Medal_of_Science http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cros http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jethro_Tull_(agriculturist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannes_Film_Festival http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FilmFestival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_3 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wageningen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamonix http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_dollar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgio_Vasari http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hofstadter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Eakins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cavendish http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Speed http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolomite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Camden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carter_of_Mars http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Board_of_Longitude http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin_System http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Substance_abuse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuareg_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holt,_Norfolk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delft_University_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Sloane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_II_of_Sweden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Heine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_XII_of_Sweden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlsruhe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Rochelle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spitsbergen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arras http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherbourg-Octeville http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_Kovalevskaya http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Walk_of_Fame http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Hodgkin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Crusade http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Crusade http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classical_Latin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Jannings http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Simmel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prescott,_Arizona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullerton,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumont,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwood_City,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverbank,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hartford,_Connecticut http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown,_Connecticut http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Connecticut http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bourdieu http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_Georgia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_Falls,_Idaho http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey,_Illinois http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheaton,_Illinois http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction,_Illinois http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale,_Illinois http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington,_Illinois http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Island,_Illinois http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Space_Flight_Center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Oak,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleonville,_Louisiana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many,_Louisiana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetraethyllead http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accident,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Echo,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbelt,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairhaven,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardwick,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Austerlitz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herostratus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Oak,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Joseph_Rouget_de_Lisle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_City,_Montana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Nebraska http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Nebraska http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Norris_Russell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_New_Hampshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordentown,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah,_Duchess_of_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbury,_Berkshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_Township,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paterson,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endicott,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterville,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittstown,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronxville,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croton-on-Hudson,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valhalla,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalen_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_Church,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exeter_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembroke_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merton_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriel_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_John's_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadham_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfson_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sperry_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavendish_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapakoneta,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenia,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakenings http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hill,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cresson,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadville,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsport,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Norriton_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collegeville,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eardrum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton,_South_Dakota http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pierre,_South_Dakota http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Ridge,_Tennessee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Territory,_Texas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seguin,_Texas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumont,_Texas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Home,_Texas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conroe,_Texas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moab,_Utah http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden,_Utah http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoreline,_Washington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skykomish,_Washington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherdstown,_West_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chippewa_Falls,_Wisconsin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambria,_Wisconsin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiro_Mifune http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redgranite,_Wisconsin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_River,_Wyoming http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Goeppert-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Virchow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Wars_of_Religion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Finger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCreator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy,_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._M._Barrie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haworth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Confederation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Dublin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peritonitis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_DB2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Sussex http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Baily http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds_(radio_drama) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioProgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reindeer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiamen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bexhill-on-Sea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penstemon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallium_arsenide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rawlinson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Shiloh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klemens_von_Metternich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austen_Henry_Layard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Canadian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexej_von_Jawlensky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_I_of_Portugal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swarthmore_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlene_Dietrich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subrahmanyan_Chandrasekhar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oran http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwigshafen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Lamarck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi_Award http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Scott http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Sligo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Colbert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Wolf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hormel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Museum_of_Modern_Art http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._M._Ballantyne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_I_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Walter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_II,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_I,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_disorder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Austria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sabine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osijek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Menger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Summer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hunter_(surgeon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewsbury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmy_Noether http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hargreaves http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Snelling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge,_Tennessee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgerton,_Wisconsin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IG_Farben http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitkirk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddystone_Lighthouse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(play) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgarians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirfield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontefract http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom_of_Great_Britain_and_Ireland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Ceva http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fludd http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paracelsus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strait_of_Dover http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Pico_della_Mirandola http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Santos-Dumont http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Rubinstein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organ_(anatomy) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germans http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Lasswell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamelin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_the_Martyr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Brindley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Toscanini http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Sheldon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doncaster http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_Christian_music http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen_sulfide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farndon,_Cheshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonnell_Douglas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_de_Vigny http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frodsham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Rimbaud http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Verlaine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon-on-Thames http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Canadian_Institute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Hornblower http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodium_carbonate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapolis_County,_Nova_Scotia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Reines http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Necker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Prokhorov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechelen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonehaven http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Barlow_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_Tournament http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Dumas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Inkerman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Science_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delirium http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Schwarzschild http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masinissa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goslar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Eve http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logic_of_Scientific_Discovery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Cannae http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Merrick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Malmesbury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bernays http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geetbets http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Nasmyth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riksdag http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauna_Loa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipknot_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arecibo_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Dickinson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnacle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscular_system http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo-Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassius_Dio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiero_II_of_Syracuse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Ortelius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostya_Tszyu http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaves_of_Grass http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hedley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Blenkinsop http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Two http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkie_Collins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Spezia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Johnson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_IV_of_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Academy_of_Arts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covent_Garden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Ritts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Peri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gottlieb_Welcker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnesium_oxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Slocum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Moore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(BBC_Radio_4) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioProgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Barlow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoapCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Brooke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Mann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Movie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Daurat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Le_Bon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobacco_mosaic_virus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Zama http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post-Impressionism http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Grey_Whistle_Test http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digestion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Signac http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phytophthora_infestans http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar_Scaliger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Justus_Scaliger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournemouth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Scott,_1st_Duke_of_Monmouth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cujas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEAT http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMS_Queen_Mary http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husband_E._Kimmel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Kardec http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_I_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Damon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motown http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordLabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternative_rock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Anthony_Falls http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMHS_Britannic http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isocrates http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esophagus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pursuit_of_Love http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_skeleton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Geneva http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dessau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepsin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Charles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eindhoven_Airport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macrophage http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Hall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Etna http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Sacks http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tanganyika http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham-Louis_Breguet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_May http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bradley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Century_Fox http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Public http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayak_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_City_Music_Hall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leland_Stanford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Weaving http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaquin_Miller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Reith,_1st_Baron_Reith http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASF http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraclides_Ponticus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Swanson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Medawar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Economic_Forum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Ellison http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Buridan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrento http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glycerol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Tieck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growth_hormone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drosophila_melanogaster http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Morrow_Lindbergh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemorrhoid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon_Playfair,_1st_Baron_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_H._Land http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Zeppelin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leatherhead http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_Academy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_I_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Chadwick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_Cell_Orchestra http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skull_and_Bones http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Bosch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Pinel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Browne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_F._Friedman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herk-de-Stad http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Clausius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermitage_Museum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecq http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_(computer_virus) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leica_Camera http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassenge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbain_Le_Verrier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatham_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plucker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperion_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_State_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowborough http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_First_Coalition http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleischer_Studios http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convair_F-106_Delta_Dart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crewe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikuyu_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Joseph_Schelling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_B._Johnson_Space_Center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becky_Sharp http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Kapteyn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Matthias_Olbers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Fletcher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Guthe_Jansky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_von_Kotzebue http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contact_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1904_Summer_Olympics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jena http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Freiherr_Knigge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_rock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelbert_von_Chamisso http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Kotzebue http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viburnum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Endeavour http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Japan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Carlow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Advanced_Study http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Johnson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Fracastoro http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pulitzer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_John_Silver http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Bethe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurai http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halle_(Saale) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catcher_in_the_Rye http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name_of_the_Rose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erving_Goffman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Singer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetzlar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithfield,_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantwich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_Mazarin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austrians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Weyl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashomon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideki_Yukawa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaas_Tinbergen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Tinbergen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_von_Frisch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Fleischer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RV_Calypso http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whiston http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bentley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charterhouse_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percivall_Pott http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stukeley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Schlegel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_(book) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_Free_State http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Camerarius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mason http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Dixon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolzano http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Servetus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Herbart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Marius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcellin_Berthelot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_and_Nothingness http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Advisory_Committee_for_Aeronautics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedanius_Dioscorides http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Escorial http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_Literary_Supplement http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bladder_cancer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Braid_(surgeon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heligoland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Territory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_Polytechnic_Institute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_de_Pompadour http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_du_Barry http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vostok_5 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyme_Regis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voskhod_2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Leonov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boethius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PayPal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Edward_FitzGerald http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_marrow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_Maupertuis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Charles_Le_Monnier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Clairaut http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asaph_Hall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Hargrave http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidor_Isaac_Rabi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Gassendi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_East_Africa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Luckner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Stephen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Bay_Colony http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowdoin_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Book_Encyclopedia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daventry http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethlehem_Steel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreton_Bay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler_Youth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harvard_(clergyman) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Knopfler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Frank http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Sikorsky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_the_Obscure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Desert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mombasa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Valmy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Voss http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Thiersch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerks http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalene_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Zeiss http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_at_the_End_of_the_Universe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Gerhard_De_Geer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_E._Byrd http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyasaland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Fechner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mahler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Hermann_Ludwig_Heeren http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erlangen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Kokoschka http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunhuang http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medulla_oblongata http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Winslow_Taylor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Said http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Franz_Encke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Biddell_Airy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushehr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beta_Centauri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fenimore_Cooper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_C http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Rocket_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_Hamilton,_9th_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Galle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_Cathedral http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogao_Caves http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsace-Lorraine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Overseas_Territories http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Leichhardt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbey_Theatre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingolstadt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dankmar_Adler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste-Camille_Corot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandhurst,_Berkshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dismember_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Courbet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astrophysical_Journal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_of_Mecklenburg-Strelitz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Eduard_Gerhard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomeranian_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Briggs_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Prout http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustav_Jacob_Jacobi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brook_Taylor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gull http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fistula http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Goddard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Swedish_Academy_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETH_Zurich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALGOL_W http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Augustin_de_Coulomb http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intestinal_parasite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_shock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Sussex_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_One http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Leroux http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lassen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmed http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scream http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Domingue http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_George_Stokes,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenz_Oken http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_II_of_Prussia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Sommerfeld http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willebrord_Snellius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippolyte_Fizeau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Henry_Lewes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novalis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_del_Verrocchio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_fusion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonin_Artaud http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Muir http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuolumne_Meadows http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_squid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihajlo_Pupin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wesley_Powell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hundred_Days http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_Prize http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazca_Lines http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSTOR http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Tiepolo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flinders_Petrie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orcagna http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirso_de_Molina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebulon_Pike http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Gregorian_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tartu http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Colony http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bradford_(Plymouth_Colony_governor) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Patent_and_Trademark_Office http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Indies_Federation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convair http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titania_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seljuk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Dalloway http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_III_of_Prussia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gregory_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_sulfur_bacteria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Hevelius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colmar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_X-15 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_de_Rohan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Henry,_Duke_of_Gloucester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Kurchatov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilithium http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hebrides http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Swedenborg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxbury,_Boston http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Ward_Howe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillside_Strangler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigori_Perelman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Downing_Street http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Institute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(U.S._TV_program) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Nunes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_nitrate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Third_Republic http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lennard-Jones http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockefeller_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Coulson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starfish http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enough_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stirling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Electric http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Houtermans http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_S._Noli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premature_ventricular_contraction http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Western_Reserve_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIT_Sloan_School_of_Management http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Brougham,_1st_Baron_Brougham_and_Vaux http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnborough,_Hampshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_Orbiter_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackpool http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Jeffrey,_Lord_Jeffrey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Senebier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Chladni http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_International http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Ryberg_Finsen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainstem http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Eustachi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Wilkins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lower_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Trevithick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_valve http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Joseph_Sylvester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issues_(Korn_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombardier_beetle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Terentius_Varro http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Lutatius_Catulus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Cotes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_IV_of_Prussia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Blanc http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Image_Comics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Stephenson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Ewing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_P._Ramsey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Prigogine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Itasca http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_of_the_Woods http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collective_Soul http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Trebia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Racer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Watts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nevada,_Reno http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_K._Zworykin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convair_F-102_Delta_Dagger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovico_Sforza http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piacenza http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.hack//Sign http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Anime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Ross http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amboise http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monmouth_Rebellion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_State_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focke-Wulf_Fw_61 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyromania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavement_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Wieman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radcliffe_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_for_the_Advancement_of_Science http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archytas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germantown,_Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RWTH_Aachen_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Air_Force http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_Willis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frits_Zernike http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Sun-Times http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanremo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Astronautical_Federation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livorno http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_II_the_Strong http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Spencer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schaerbeek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampex http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Adleman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_failure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Lockyer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Boulton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(color) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vita_Sackville-West http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenceslaus_II_of_Bohemia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Venn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cremona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_of_Cesena http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Maximilian_University_of_Munich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassar_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electorate_of_Cologne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Cherenkov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merriam-Webster http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HarperCollins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbuktu http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._R._Licklider http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Antoine_de_Bougainville http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Rucker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Groningen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danvers,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Mann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Venice http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddenbrooks http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Tait_(physicist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tyndall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crafoord_Prize http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Baekeland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Naples http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malnutrition http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick,_Maine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andover,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plattsburgh_(city),_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonia,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunda,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockport_(city),_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_II_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stomach_cancer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_John_Macquorn_Rankine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bologna http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauvais http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Michaelis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dawn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communist_Party_of_Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cullen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Duckworth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Dakota http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austrian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Airport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauna_Kea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Astronomical_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Gonne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpus_Christi_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bernoulli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_VI_and_I http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Engineers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_August_Varnhagen_von_Ense http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottmar_Mergenthaler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpus_callosum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Schwinger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester,_Dorset http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pound_sterling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Coast http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_FitzRoy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Tegel_Airport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Tempelhof_Airport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trigger_finger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Blast http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordLabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_King http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Brockden_Brown http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Saint-Michel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matterhorn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Canter_and_Martha_Siegel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_F._Kettering http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Wulf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camphor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Bell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theon_of_Alexandria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Auckland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Deprez http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Research_Council_(Canada) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Opera_House http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Hall,_Boston http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convair_990_Coronado http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Jules_Jusserand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderbilt_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_of_Cusa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Philosophical_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Rhodesia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Chongren http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Fender http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pineal_gland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Leopold,_Duke_of_Albany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Koffka http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Wertheimer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_Chong-Chen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Weather_Service http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasmodium http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin-Itiro_Tomonaga http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Social_Research http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Karl_Achard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester_Polytechnic_Institute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgian_Bay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_American http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Welle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BroadcastNetwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulfide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline,_Princess_of_Hanover http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Florence http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Higinbotham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Space http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoia_National_Park http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Herder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Paterson_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lead_poisoning http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Stroheim http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rijeka http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stafford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquetta_Hawkes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annonay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Furness http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Jackson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Sirius_(1786) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hatton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Postman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcinoma http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epithelium http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_von_Jacobi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dampier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namco http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Lawrence_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traian_Vuia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Shirley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Sands_Missile_Range http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Richet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Maslow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Bolzano http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_State_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Lorenzo_de_El_Escorial http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Victor_Regnault http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Aubrey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussite_Wars http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lawrence_Bragg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Kapitsa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens'_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spandau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Polhem http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papaver_rhoeas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupinus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kreuzberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodrum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spitzer_Space_Telescope http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_(wrestler) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louvain-la-Neuve http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgestone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Jurieu http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bayle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McCarthy_(computer_scientist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Waterhouse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia,_Greece http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_Poland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota_Territory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoran_Desert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Silliman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_metropolitan_area http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Sarpi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Joseph_Gall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Jewish_Congress http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Humanist_Association http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammary_gland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclaim_Entertainment http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trigeminal_neuralgia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Hadamard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Backhaus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonie_Pannekoek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drug_overdose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Expeditionary_Forces http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Arkwright http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_II_de_Coligny http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Pictet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Paul_Cailletet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_de_Lesseps http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooth_enamel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zurich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Bechtolsheim http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Structure_of_Scientific_Revolutions http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_Canal_Zone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freiberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Joachim_Becher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thurloe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Radio_Astronomy_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Palace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindbergh_kidnapping http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Yard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinus_radiata http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mitchell_(explorer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Hund http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Silesian_Voivodeship http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_Remsen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aneurysm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saccharin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Copernicus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Janin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle_Database http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Tarde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Parkinson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Earth_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_limb http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Results_May_Vary http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton_and_Darlington_Railway http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framework_(office_suite) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2048 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Archibald_Wheeler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Mantell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_Lipsius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nebraska_system http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaune http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Solvay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont_Park http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Racecourse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October:_Ten_Days_That_Shook_the_World http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Simeon,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Jaspers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linnean_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gold-Bug http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Baptist_van_Helmont http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesbrough http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Lindemann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Duke_of_Guise http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grote_Reber http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filariasis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langley_Research_Center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddard_Space_Flight_Center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Mistook_His_Wife_for_a_Hat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Lake_(Louisiana) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_B._Elion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyagers! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wound http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintoretto http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederik,_Crown_Prince_of_Denmark http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Sellars http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Pat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Geneva http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_H._Aiken http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seagram_Building http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Henry_Greathead http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Murdock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dendritic_spine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Small http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Petty http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lovell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Laurent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocynaceae http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Downs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Bracciano http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Religious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_My_Bluff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Pure_Reason http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Meikle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_W._Barlow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cahokia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernicus_(lunar_crater) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrexham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Plataea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Lake_Trasimene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuberculous_cervical_lymphadenitis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Franklin_Cody http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Etienne_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakalpakstan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avebury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cockcroft http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Graz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redruth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wejherowo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Brant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leicester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institution_of_Civil_Engineers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Run_Baker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_Academy,_Woolwich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulguksa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Jena http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowstone_Lake http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forrest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othniel_Charles_Marsh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Astronomical_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poliovirus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helensburgh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Physics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlow_Shapley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Safire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Mint http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_St._Louis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges-Louis_Leclerc,_Comte_de_Buffon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New-York_Tribune http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Lilienthal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montbard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pennant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_4 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Lippisch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Whymper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_von_Haller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Willughby http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Walton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Slater http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Avenue http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancreatic_cancer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bern_railway_station http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Ambrose_Sperry http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Cowan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Proust http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifetime_(Canada) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Antiquaries_of_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockermouth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Melchior http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Shields http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Forssmann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jardin_des_Plantes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoological_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonian_democracy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farringdon_station http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_hexafluoride http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Schickard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_State_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malvern,_Worcestershire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Seventh_Fleet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Turner_(naturalist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_5 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Bernard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishapur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Faggin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Padua http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_State_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1918_Browning_Automatic_Rifle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_Silesia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_Museum_of_Natural_History http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litchfield,_Connecticut http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Farnsworth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Franck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Berry http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Thomas'_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gustav_Jakob_Henle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_Spitzer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Navy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Navy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Bergius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._H._C._Whitehead http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_College_of_Physicians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcium_hydroxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_American http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas-Joseph_Cugnot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Adventures_of_Nils http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justinus_Kerner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottenburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentonville http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University_Graduate_School_of_Journalism http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedburgh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Academy_of_Arts_and_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brindisi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Largs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsos_Mission http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hales http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Buckland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Geographical_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidore_Geoffroy_Saint-Hilaire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Bragg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Francis_Hess http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_David_Anderson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Stern http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_von_Laue http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Victor_Appleton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Mills_Purcell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Frank http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Hans_D._Jensen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster,_Florida http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hasbrouck_Van_Vleck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Australian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squamous-cell_carcinoma http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Maimbourg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hooker_(botanist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Persian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Hind http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Simon_Pallas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilder_Penfield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenol_formaldehyde_resin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Moran http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbaland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hamilton_(diplomat) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Guard_(United_Kingdom) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octave_Chanute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexius_Meinong http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Gottlob_Werner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Times http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Tito http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soyuz_TM-32 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talgat_Musabayev http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Life http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Mammals http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Adventures http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Allin_Cornell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Baturin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slobozia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceShipOne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Gibbons http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Orteig http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Research_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Oort http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zermatt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oral_cancer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Drinker_Cope http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_College_of_Florida http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lippisch_Ente http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pausanias_(geographer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_von_Opel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_Jews_in_Poland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Minnesota http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Macfarlane_Burnet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Sander http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Hatry http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Valier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Michell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandymount http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mayor_of_Casterbridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_Review http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Broadcasting_System http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Ley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_della_Porta http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austhorpe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gresham_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Visitor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pickwick_Papers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Duhem http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiac_muscle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sturgeon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brucellosis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Nicolson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_General_Assembly http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Josef_Land http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_State_Legislature http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Schwabe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teignmouth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Basel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Chemical_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weizmann_Institute_of_Science http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukekohe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja'far_al-Sadiq http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Palisades,_Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyebrow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Compton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_J._Mankiewicz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Beer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria_Palaestina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Marie_Vien http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaultheria_shallon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuller_Theological_Seminary http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klamath_Mountains http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condamine_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Nasr_Mansur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Thiel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Thomas,_U.S._Virgin_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_of_Burgundy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Crown_Princess_of_Denmark http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Nicollet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_Gray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Ernest_Boulanger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Newcomb http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Brown http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapters http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_Rosemeyer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smith_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Rutherford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Eastlake http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Grey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Stark_Draper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolby_Laboratories http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_D-558-2_Skyrocket http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_de_Jussieu http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Simmonds http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Revolt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MESSENGER http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bouguer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Parker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condor_Legion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_Territory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pisa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Urey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_de_Laval http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Africanist_Congress_of_Azania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Wesleyan_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Challis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Louis_d'Arrest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airy-0 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convair_B-58_Hustler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ms._Pac-Man http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Charles_Pickering http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinus_lambertiana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Art_Gallery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy's_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rittenhouse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatican_Library http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Leopold_von_Buch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lancet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temporal_lobe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_America_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontal_lobe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hudson_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miep_Gies http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_of_Wellington's_Regiment http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voronezh_Oblast http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Alfonso_Borelli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Oughtred http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fausto_Veranzio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Antoine_Chaptal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Heinrich_Wiedemann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Christoph_Lichtenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobolsk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nehemiah_Grew http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coll http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanshiro_Sugata http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowstone_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_X-20_Dyna-Soar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Granger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Economist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRI_International http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Culpeper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhart_Fuchs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryazan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosopagnosia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dornier_Do_X http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amateur_Photographer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midbrain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Curtius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hodgkin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stickleback http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peabody http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voronezh_State_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_brain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Freiherr_von_Eichendorff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croydon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Rosing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Apianus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elamite_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt_(Roman_province) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newnham_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Siegfried_Albinus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Stumpf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_D._Walker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papilio_glaucus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Valley_Daily_Bulletin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinderpest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterthur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College_(Connecticut) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_London_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society_of_Chemistry http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_Church,_Putney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCAA_Men's_Division_I_Basketball_Championship http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballLeague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masatoshi_Shima http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pappus_of_Alexandria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_Field http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Hu http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gila_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baudolino http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wissahickon_Creek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_at_Geneseo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_University_(Indiana) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiovascular_disease http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Army http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurter_Allgemeine_Zeitung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_College_(New_York) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_(river) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvan_Clark http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_concentration_camps http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Injury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Latin_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Rossi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Rome http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_&_Telescope http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamamoto_Tsunetomo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_River_(Ontario) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_Posen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Abbe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cincinnati http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_von_Eschscholtz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curonian_Spit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Lachner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puffing_Billy_(locomotive) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transplant_rejection http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BroadcastNetwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Hoffmann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinus_ponderosa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanford,_Washington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Poitiers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wyoming http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hanover http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Trimotor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avempace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Giessen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viadrina_European_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Mountain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sotheby's http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permission_to_Land http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysozyme http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Kensington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Beltrami http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipple's_disease http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Amsterdam http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internal_capsule http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_IB http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_foot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Schleswig_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Turkish_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantell_UFO_incident http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugurthine_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interpretation_of_Dreams http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hague http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19P/Borrelly http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ramsey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Gottlieb_von_Bellingshausen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Mariette http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Mandeville http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sydenham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Savage http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Morgagni http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Day_(Utah) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airspeed_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_Stages_(Rush_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Mann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golo_Mann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Unit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schweinfurt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prize http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Postel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gottlieb_Nipkow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Alexandrov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clapham_Common http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Schwab http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_H._Billington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonnell_Douglas_X-36 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tughril http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_gorilla http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_d'Ailly http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villette_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Hall_High_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Lawrence_Whipple http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Emerson_Barnard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fetal_distress http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Draper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Christy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lassell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartwick_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Aragon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Sabine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Heatley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dornier_Do_18 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Otranto http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Grant_Aitken http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Rebellion_of_1857 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Mitchell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Swan_Leavitt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Mathematical_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_de_Sitter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tiltman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adige http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_World http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rheumatism http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Oresme http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Girtin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Templeton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Shaw http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_of_York's_Theatre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Hakam_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNIX_System_V http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rochberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lombard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomer_Esiason http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(Sugababes_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Janssen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Goodricke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Henson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Dolby http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Shuttleworth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockefeller_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Fester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Bauhin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dissection http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Rawdon-Hastings,_1st_Marquess_of_Hastings http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Army http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palme_d'Or http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Benvie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Venice http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_River_(New_South_Wales) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lot_M._Morrill http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Shetland_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Family http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Sandeau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Montana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_von_Ardenne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollodorus_of_Athens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Say http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_of_Natural_Sciences_of_Drexel_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas-Claude_Fabri_de_Peiresc http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chadlington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Lothar_Meyer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Congress_of_Mathematicians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Convention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyridon_Marinatos http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acquisition_(software) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vicar_of_Wakefield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immunodeficiency http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Zwicky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Freshmen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Innsbruck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Supply_(1759) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Clavius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japetus_Steenstrup http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borough_of_Burnley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Whitelocke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stibitz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Foster_Kane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedediah_Strutt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_La_Hire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazan_(Volga_region)_Federal_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruise http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Bauer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_House http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Poiret http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlandic_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Divine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Lobachevsky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Mackinac http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg_State_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascanio_Sobrero http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Orkney_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Weddell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmud_of_Ghazni http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bougainvillea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_of_Ireland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vannoccio_Biringuccio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Halliburton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telefunken http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scopas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Village http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Quentin,_Aisne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Filchner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Landin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legislative_Assembly_of_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Study http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Flammarion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_de_Vries http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pavia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Chidley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Conservatoire_of_Scotland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Colorado_Springs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Leakey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_T._G._Morton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Langevin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solihull_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Bosse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnetou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabanus_Maurus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Toland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fender_Musical_Instruments_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grierson's_Raid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_von_Sternberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolus_Clusius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitt_Rivers_Museum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Auenbrugger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_&_Sutherland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_occupation_zone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Learning http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archduchess_Louise_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmstedt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenandoah_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_R._Sabin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_J._Meigs,_Jr. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_of_Burgundy,_Lady_of_Bourbon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Kwolek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mycenaean_Greek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephraim_McDowell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Faulds http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Liebermann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N1_(rocket) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Picard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Ketterle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Thom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Lifshitz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_England http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_England http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Weber http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picea_sitchensis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgundy_wine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WineRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor,_New_South_Wales http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotha http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulton_and_Watt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kharkiv http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_Drebbel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwigsburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vercelli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wealth_of_Nations http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wallace_Campbell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Bok http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maarten_Schmidt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Friedmann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_and_neck_cancer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Railroad http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalford,_Surrey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmholtz_Association_of_German_Research_Centres http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Uhlenbeck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Zuhr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Romano http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepwater,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal,_Kent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Eugene_Ives http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegasus_(rocket) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Boris_Chain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fincke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbital_Sciences_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Van_Vechten http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolui http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Moser http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wellborn_Root http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mainz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Russell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Scott_Crossfield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Otto_Reinhold_Windaus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Martin_(painter) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chew_Magna http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maker's_Mark http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_and_Time http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Vernier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Veblen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Harriman_Long http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Low http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Maria_Grimaldi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_de_Groot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Prussia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_William_Aston http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Desmond_Bernal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuamotus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_George_Wreyford_Norrish http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Nobile http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronstadt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Victor_Poncelet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Gerard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillingen_an_der_Donau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kilburn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_in_the_Moon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ear http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichsmark http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technique_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Prandtl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hurwitz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Ferguson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Comrie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandolfo_Petrucci http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Pollard_Espy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Harriot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Day_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torbern_Bergman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tebbutt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Lighthouse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Salgari http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiraea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Rudolf_Glauber http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodium_sulfate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porphyry_(philosopher) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_J._C._Atkinson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_d'Azeglio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_the_Great http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_(game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhinoceros http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Johnstone_Stoney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Frank http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover_Publications http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Menzies http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USS_Experiment_(1799) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Bayard_Swope http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotten_Tomatoes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettina_von_Arnim http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Hawkins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_(Bob_Dylan_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_fracture http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Morgenstern http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Economist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerebral_circulation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Morison http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pherecydes_of_Syros http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isma'il_Pasha http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Nishina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Hamel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amusing_Ourselves_to_Death http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Clement_VIII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Benedict_XIV http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulke_Greville,_1st_Baron_Brooke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Riccioli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_17 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Morse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whigfield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstars http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_German_border http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_Cort http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FirstGroup http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Julius_Schmidt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Castelli http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_San_Lorenzo,_Florence http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Siddeley__Thirty__1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutomobileEngine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Siddeley__Thirty__1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Siddeley__Thirty__1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Device
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_von_Baeyer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasteur_Institute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Brothers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorer_3 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiata http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyohiro_Akiyama http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_von_Ehrenfels http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolshevik_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bruch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saalfeld http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Somme http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_McLeod_Cormack http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_van_de_Velde_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursinus_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Hounsfield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Themistius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Mueller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Sabin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factor_(programming_language) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton_Hodgkinson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lindley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembert_Dodoens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Ingenhousz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Cesalpino http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Ghini http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Rorschach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zagreb http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._T._Joshi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude-Louis_Navier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assembly_(French_Revolution) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Cook http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L-DOPA http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmslow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_7 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga_Technical_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teachers_College,_Columbia_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckfield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Mylius-Erichsen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando:_A_Biography http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Irwell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemian_Forest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Abraham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Way http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hutton_Balfour http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis_for_Two http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariposa_Grove http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbey_Road http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventy-four_(ship) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_of_Jesus_at_the_Temple http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Student http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sais,_Egypt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Austin_(legal_philosopher) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopoldo_Nobili http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Martin_Charcot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Bertillon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_al-Nadim http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moisant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Charles_Breguet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Forbes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habsburg_Spain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Parnell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Ernst_Neumann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Frankland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_von_Hofmann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiberius_Cavallo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatian_Academy_of_Sciences_and_Arts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Boy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoapCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lessons_(Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widowers'_Houses http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Levi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlstadt_am_Main http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_(music) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentin_Glushko http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimaldi_(crater) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_Engineering_Corps http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_bromide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_College_of_Art_and_Design http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_(plotting_tool) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woyzeck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligence_Corps_(United_Kingdom) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Knight http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_American http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discipline_(King_Crimson_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Soderini http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Betti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teylers_Museum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wyville_Thomson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junee http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nohant-Vic http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Quimby http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintin_(character) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_Ravenna http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Native http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Greenwood_Tree http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bevis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Bridges http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_Commerson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_venom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Taylor_(computer_scientist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeGeistert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Convention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdominal_aorta http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Metaurus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychomotor_retardation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriends http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Weiser http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plumeria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_E._Richards http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Baran http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrotsvitha http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinal_tumor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Beeckman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lund http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landskrona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bedwyn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bracciano http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neurasthenia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Claudius_Loudon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uppsala_Municipality http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austro-Hungarian_krone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontoise http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Law_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinai_and_Palestine_Campaign http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karol_Olszewski http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_revolutionibus_orbium_coelestium http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Air_Force http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_St._Louis_(book) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atoms_for_Peace_Award http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Examiner_(Tasmania) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convair_XF-92 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohiro_Nishikado http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Lutatius_Catulus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anschutz_Entertainment_Group http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_(moon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woodlanders http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_delle_Grazie_(Milan) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton,_West_Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinal_cord_injury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topic_Records http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordLabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digne-les-Bains http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_Downs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Stack_Sullivan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signal_Hill,_St._John's http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_eye http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_Technique http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Augustin_Cournot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisleben http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Adolphe_Wurtz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Calland_Williams http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathgate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servite_Order http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Clement_Sabine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_'s_Gravesande http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breda http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Century_Magazine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonnets_from_the_Portuguese http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Helens,_Merseyside http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Tufail http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Botanic_Garden_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Thomas_Newton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Tsvet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guise http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Ball http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comedian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Vetter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_History_Museum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Union_of_Geological_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Pile-1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_De_Geer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Radio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juvisy-sur-Orge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regia_Marina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_LeFevre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilogy_(Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutant_X_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hopkins_(Arizona) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynchburg_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aviator_(2004_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neo-impressionism http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Horsley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodocus_Hondius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauly_Shore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comedian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bern http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digitalis_purpurea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augmentation_Research_Center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Snow_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Reichsbahn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland_ice_sheet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University_College_of_Physicians_and_Surgeons http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Breuer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Lads'_and_Church_Girls'_Brigade http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beaumont http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Collins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison-Wesley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Rickert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Members http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bremen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suez_Canal_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Vercellae http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Sorensen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peabody_Museum_of_Natural_History http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Astronomical_Association http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poldhu http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Benjamin_Macneill http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gombe_Stream_National_Park http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodes_Rogers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchy_of_Brunswick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Nicolas_Delisle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Imagineering http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Lucia_Range http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roquebrune-Cap-Martin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt_Bugatti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_of_Western_Australia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole-Reine_Lepaute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Couples http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydenham's_chorea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapienza_University_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullerton_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adipic_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cray-2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Pulsar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anticipation_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_J._de_Solla_Price http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abies_grandis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Oldenburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_collared_lizard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIT_Graduate_Institute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_of_the_Rocks http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ewart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Free_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Ma'shar_al-Balkhi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilma_Deering http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebaceous_cyst http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Smithson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurens_Hammond http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_House_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_(1940_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fore_River_Shipyard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Gustaf_Ekeberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_of_Space http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Famous_Last_Words... http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Chadwick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Asher_Alpher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canopus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Dreser http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithium_chloride http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avoca,_County_Wicklow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutz_AG http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_British_Locomotive_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaallit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Animation_Studios http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_(TTC) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_(TTC) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allen_(Quaker) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holbeach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_(New_York) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrukh_Mirza http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonesfield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Medal_of_Technology_and_Innovation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Source http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_William's_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Joseph_Sax http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Charles_Athanase_Peltier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Wegener http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Bain_(inventor) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Luck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tranquility_Base http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneseo,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophie_Zoologique http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Robert-Fleury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_C._Evans http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Grotefend http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_Navy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supply_Belcher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Gerron http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_J._Meigs,_Sr. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaussberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_a_Sancta_Clara http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calatayud http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_Academy_of_the_Fine_Arts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jule_Gregory_Charney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulia_Grisi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyrene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howie_Day http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pages_(word_processor) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weddell_seal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Geological_Survey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneeberg_(Alps) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miesbach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Army http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifetime_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerojet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gunter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Monro_(tertius) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Julien_Brianchon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Green_(balloonist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Arausio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bauhin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiorix http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budd_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_E._Steinway http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Theodore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Lemonnier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poison_Belt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Week_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tech_N9ne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_the_Wise http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_College_Belfast http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Development_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_van_Swieten http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Brouncker,_2nd_Viscount_Brouncker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scientist_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Others_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Strassmann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emancipation_of_Mimi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USCGC_Polar_Sea_(WAGB-11) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_Pavia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_International http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesper_Swedberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Meissner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Jongkind http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Young_Simpson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Goudsmit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Hinksey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchy_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_the_James http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Davie_(American_football) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollegeCoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Breuer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_a_Young_Girl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hawkins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Bristol_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis,_Count_of_Soissons http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Flemming http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermanshah http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiser_Chiefs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marischal_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolution_Island_(Nunavut) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg_Chronicle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury(II)_oxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Pensacola http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fielding_Bradford_Meek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Richthofen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_W._Alderson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Nourse_Rogers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Peutinger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astley_Cooper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Inventions:_The_Autobiography_of_Nikola_Tesla http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Thompson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Massacre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Lazarus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Challenger_(1858) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candida_(play) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Heinrich_Wagner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Jackson,_Mississippi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mead http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/429_Lotis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorghaghtani_Beki http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scone_Palace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Basov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Center_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Sars http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concretes_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hechingen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mason_Hutchings http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Warren's_Profession http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Murray_(oceanographer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Catton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa'id_of_Egypt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakin'_Stevens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_One http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Misener http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Allen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverend_Gary_Davis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson_W._Richards http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heymann_Steinthal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_II_de'_Medici,_Grand_Duke_of_Tuscany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meaford,_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Terman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Vandeveer_Hayden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Studios http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Capricorn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_te_Riele http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Angel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willemite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Benzelius_the_younger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Nicolas_Corvisart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Rondelet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medieval_Times http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._B._Higgins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mons_La_Hire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austro-Hungarian_Army http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Krohg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_University_School_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Fleischer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Feurzeig http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Bohemia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Methuselah http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philanderer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Never_Can_Tell_(play) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_of_Destiny http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Jackson_Lister http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legal_guardian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ludwig_Sand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack!! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Lewis_Perl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Sturtevant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joan_(play) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_sport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Bassi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venetian_Causeway http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_(season_3) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionSeason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Jackson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God,_the_Devil_and_Bob http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Dave_Macon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Editor_&_Publisher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottlob_Lehmann_(scientist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signal_Corps_(United_States_Army) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Paul http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Melzi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Programme http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_College_of_Physicians_of_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Richard_Petri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Patrick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Earnshaw http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fitch_(inventor) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louveciennes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Conditions http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_(Star_Trek:_The_Next_Generation) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogier_Ghiselin_de_Busbecq http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Sigismund_Marggraf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Hector http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Norton_Lorenz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Man_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_E._Martin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freiberg_University_of_Mining_and_Technology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concealer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Distinction http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theaetetus_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Schikaneder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedbergh_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Beautiful http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloroprene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_L._Hull http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hamburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._B._van_Niel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Odling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Kuhne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pregnancy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Erlangen-Nuremberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_Missions http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Benedict_XIII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Substance_dependence http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coelenterata http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Opel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Bonnot_de_Mably http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Bennett http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cacodyl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldassare_Peruzzi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Frank http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_S._Dietz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_Wing_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauli_Murray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopin:_Desire_for_Love http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-Otto_Apel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fothergill_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KITT http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Baxter_MacMillan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way/Solitaire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criterion_Games http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faenza http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suresnes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue_Hospital_Center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Kramers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetrabiblos http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Erfurt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Mellon_Silicon_Valley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acceptance_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_One http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Boom_Boom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pygmalion_(play) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Fliess http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thalictrum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamiers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_the_Jewess http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gall_wasp http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_Colours http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LiVES http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Taylor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeriana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Rocard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Russian_Navy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirate_Bay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Instruments http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulhamstead http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Philosophical_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Times http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaclava,_Victoria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menaechmus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_General_Assembly http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abies_procera http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreak_House http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fothergilla http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Africa_Protectorate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Woodward,_Sr. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Nierenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Burton_Harrison http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_School_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Ceva http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blok_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwide_(Audio_Adrenaline_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Bridge_(Tweed) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filipendula http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehrabad_International_Airport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremias_Benjamin_Richter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welsh_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connections_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_William_Russell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investigations_(Star_Trek:_Voyager) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leighlinbridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kind http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yertle_the_Turtle_and_Other_Stories http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapeworm_infection http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wainwright_Building http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Thinker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogwood_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Director_X http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier_High_School_(Louisville) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Ilipa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consequence_(rapper) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Gottfried_Fischer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Senfl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tsukuba http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Smith_(Virginia_governor) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Brackett http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron(II)_sulfide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skreen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneinton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zosimos_of_Panopolis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Aircraft http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Hyatt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedbergh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_Arts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rumsey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Hesse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mather_Brown http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Ritter_von_Hebra http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpheus_Spring_Packard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunschweig_University_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Mercuriale http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periodic_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrosomonas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lip http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Steer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_von_Werner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Winogradsky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stumpp http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Francis_Nowlan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uber_Cup http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_impairment http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Cassini http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Cohen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Hamilton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Bauch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winners http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hints_Allegations_and_Things_Left_Unsaid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bennett_(screenwriter) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Geer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rocca http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_Summer_Olympics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Della_Valle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feldkirch,_Vorarlberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trichinella http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranbrook_School,_Kent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_American http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allies_of_World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kremnica http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussycat_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Reynaud http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Technology_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Seguin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aschersleben http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigre_Partido http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogg_Museum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Routh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eadfrith_of_Lindisfarne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_One http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Murray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrity_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Ludwig_Wilhelm_von_Bischoff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldland_Common http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antikythera http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypokinesia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Details_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plenary_session http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreplay/Long_Time__Long_Time__1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Year http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduation_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N2_road_(South_Africa) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_10 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Wagner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rank_Hovis_McDougall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Hurtado_de_Mendoza http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Pelvoux http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventricular_hypertrophy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Boerhaave http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_(composer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_Paer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact_Wrestling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University_Medical_Center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_of_Figaro_(play) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilshire_Associates http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Arthur_Ducos_du_Hauron http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairground_Attraction http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_(The_Monkees_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(1934_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/External_iliac_artery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnus_A http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Lippmann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcueil http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchiston_Castle_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surface_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primitive_Man_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Lion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkio_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Sound http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goostrey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Herrera http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Lucca http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_(region) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_von_Parseval http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabric_(club) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Ekhof http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Ellicott http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin_Law_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Untertan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorman_Long http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_School_of_Artillery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_Bishop http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RE/Search http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_of_Saxony_(Teutonic_Knight) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_J._Larson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_(singer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spray_(sailing_vessel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panyassis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollar_Academy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Roux http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Medical_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_Stone_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botany_Bay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1910_Fruitgum_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunsthalle_Hamburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Frank http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkin_Medal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaugency http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_R&B http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John_the_Baptist_(Leonardo) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocese_of_Skara http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Diocese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Elgin_Dodge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Enthusiasm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Wolf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Bock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_American http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marconi_Stallions_FC http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entrepreneur_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_of_Brissac http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spread_(food) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbiategrasso http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurnell,_New_South_Wales http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_V._Book http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belluton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_carotid_artery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_and_Friends_(Australian_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zinner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Michael_Moseley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katia_Mann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethyl_sulfate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coppet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Temeraire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casale_Monferrato http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennistoun http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_and_His_Brothers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithium_fluoride http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Arbuthnot_(poet) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isethionic_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikorsky_R-4 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_von_Ofterdingen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Belfast_Academical_Institution http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Appia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_(Sum_41_song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heilsbronn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Results http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizar_and_Alcor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Palais http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Lemery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domestic_goose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Ward http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WORD-FM http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oricon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coligny,_Ain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investigation_Discovery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thisday http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accused_of_Murder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Road http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(manga) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkiv http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Fowke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Atkinson_(architect) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elly_Beinhorn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassar_College_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Sociological_Association http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Maurolico http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Days http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weilburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayal_(play) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lifetime http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borrell_II,_Count_of_Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Labat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Creighton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_Pass http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainPass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapland_(Sweden) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie,_or_the_New_Heloise http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetrafluoroethylene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gjon_Mili http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Photographer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eadberht_of_Northumbria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara_Ben_Nemsi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Xavier_Thomas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Arias_Montano http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Thor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aboriginal_Australians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypervitaminosis_A http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erna_Sack http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied-occupied_Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerebral_hemorrhage http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newburn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Conried http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand,_Duke_of_Parma http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trani http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Jews http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Physical_Journal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abnormal_posturing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_La_Hyre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Bechstein_Pianofortefabrik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Manson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Life_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimms'_Fairy_Tales http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collector_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_Buonaccorsi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/499_Venusia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Mervyn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poole_Grammar_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Glaser http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_(name) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respiratory_disease http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Nesterov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Person_to_Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forcalquier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_IV,_Duke_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nogent-le-Rotrou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_Projects http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baptism_of_Christ_(Verrocchio) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluses http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pithiviers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Antonio_Galignani http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albury,_Surrey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coupvray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Puck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_College_of_Surgeons_of_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andromeda_III http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundary_Ranges http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niederbronn-les-Bains http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kay_(spinning_frame) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_School_of_Athens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servant_(CORBA) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bainbridge,_North_Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton_House,_Warwickshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Digital_Library http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moray http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Moons http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Ivanenko http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Public http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALTRAN http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Australian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_J._Haverfield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_Jack-O-Lantern http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liff,_Angus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Title_of_honor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheyenne_River_Indian_Reservation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Kronig http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_(Ronan_Keating_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke,_Norfolk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Moen_(singer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Payback http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_da_Firenze http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1627_Ivar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Atkins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samos http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Gengzhi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstitial_cell_of_Cajal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javed_Ahmad_Ghamidi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Blegen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ginsburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stubbe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descent_3 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Revolutionary_Army http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Bush http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_S._Truman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Last http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_(UK_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rober http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Request_TV http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BroadcastNetwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_and_Kapodistrian_University_of_Athens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Diaz_Gergonne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psychologist http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stallman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Hamblin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uveal_melanoma http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O'Leary_(Fenian) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Cayes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Blanc_massif http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_de_Rossi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Ukrainian_Front http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founder_Group http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Economic_Journal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clavia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Walther http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YouTube http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazi,_Crete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Man_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_American http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgar_Howarth http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Keiser_Bolton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Crocco http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hamer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meat_market http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camissonia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Health_and_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_X,_Duke_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazarus_of_Bethany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_of_the_Palatinate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Hendrickson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SITE_Town http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ackworth_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pupil_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Luyken http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Revo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrobacter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_von_Klenze http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Reinhold http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristides_of_Athens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Biancani http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailor_Young http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolstadt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Coast_Ranges http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wedgwood_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Everett_Nourse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granton,_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believer_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Wall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schienenzeppelin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkalochori http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTV-G-4_Bumper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_39_Steps_(1935_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamsey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superbook http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Anime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Sorbonne_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Joseph_Minard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Structural_Transformation_of_the_Public_Sphere http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frithjof_Bergmann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marius_(name) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entry,_West_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Christian_Tychsen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasiilaq http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/36_Hours http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Angers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Woodward_(naturalist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Burdenko http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occasion:_Connick_on_Piano,_Volume_2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Bonatti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz,_Landgrave_of_Hesse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fokker_F.VII http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederik_Due http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Greenland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Avery_(basketball) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vought-Sikorsky_VS-300 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_This_Is_a_Man http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Kober http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Bosio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beewolf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodonaea_viscosa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_de_Gante http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Shackleton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Underwood_Johnson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauss_(ship) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Inventor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Barnack http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_van_Musschenbroek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wenzeslaus_von_Knobelsdorff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grevenbroich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Tannery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_Quest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Wildeshausen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_(for_My_Love) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeBase http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Security_Agency http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fen_Ditton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_and_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahachiro_Hata http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puylaurens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Copenhagen_Botanical_Garden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Raj http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pencey_Prep http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerfield_Academy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Gustaf_Ekholm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scribner's_Magazine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elstree_Calling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langley_Aerodrome http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_(newspaper) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Strindberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Dorval http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellowship! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Casorati http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraklion_Archaeological_Museum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ohm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Red_Cross http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orto_botanico_di_Padova http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_(Lost) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Brewster http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollegeCoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Mississippi_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Freuchen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Dock_Seamen's_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opera_Nazionale_Balilla http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Machine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Malina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinalis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Muscle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Brunfels http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Washburn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysius_the_Philosopher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Bentinck,_Duchess_of_Portland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_re_metallica http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakenings_(book) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Rathenau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seesen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-linked_severe_combined_immunodeficiency http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Chemical_Industry http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipione_del_Ferro http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Jelinek http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodonaea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_14 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Sophie_Dreier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_and_Fortune http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kincardine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanute_Air_Force_Base http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Castle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Security_Bank http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classmates.com http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_(I_Missed_You) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me,_Rhonda http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_of_Castile http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Medical_Academy_(Serbia) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_(Desperate_Housewives) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggiatoa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasdrubal_Gisco http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannenberg_(Elbe) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Time_Ever_I_Saw_Your_Face http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custom_House,_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecka_Mendelssohn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1830:_The_Game_of_Railroads_and_Robber_Barons http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seance_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Khayyam_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternatives http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolo_Zeno http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Weintraub http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schlemihl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Naples_Federico_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Edward_Merriam http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_of_Chemical_Physics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Journal_of_Mathematics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SS_Galileo_Galilei http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Underground_1935_Stock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victorian_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albatross http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1829_(board_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Committee_of_the_Red_Cross http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Glider http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabeshima_Naoshige http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Channel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Gore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Party_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikipedia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Woltjer_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_East_Prussia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frieda_Fromm-Reichmann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lincoln_Goodale http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romances_(Kaada/Patton_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Forty_Acres http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Carolus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Coast_(RTA_Rapid_Transit_station) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchy_of_Nassau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Trotter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Domenico_Cassini http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mawes_Castle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_End_(Blur_song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_White_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Da_Ponte http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Alive_(BBC_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Wiechert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Hevelius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Years http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_(Star_Trek:_Voyager) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achilles_Gasser http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Petreius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Weil http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerios_Stais http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Jews http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Herzfeld http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beginnings_(Ambrose_Slade_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Photographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Tezuka http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Anthropologist_on_Mars http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunzenhausen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Charles_Best_Secondary_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brie-Comte-Robert http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Monte_Porzio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neukirchen,_Hesse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Henry_Allport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pearson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_St._Martin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(1971_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Poet_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowsley_Hall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_Communicative_Action http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Ayyub_al-Masri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banff,_Aberdeenshire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Works_(Queen_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceres_(dwarf_planet) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinornis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tefal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Howe_Elliott http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Burgundy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_Penn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opportunities_(Let's_Make_Lots_of_Money) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_Performing_Arts_Center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyage_Out http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christos_G._Doumas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Klopfer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Years_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchy_of_Urbino http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauffen_am_Neckar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_(1991_video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elimination_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linlithgow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Graves_to_Cairo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Transport_Auxiliary http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveler_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Glogau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrival_(composition) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1997_Leverrier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Bauersfeld http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipione_Riva-Rocci http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookseller_and_Publisher_(Australian_magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accordance http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intrigue_and_Love http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Rushd http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Ziade http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furth_im_Wald http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_campaign_in_Egypt_and_Syria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterley_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirschberg,_Thuringia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krakow_am_See http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Saxton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunnery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara_Library http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_de_Grammont http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_van_Lawick http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlsruhe_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Inquisition http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_domain_software http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cornelius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Thoughts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syn:Drom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Bosscha http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_King_(director) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Klingenstierna http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Guidi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCreator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Model http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Kochin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Topics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_24 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scarborough http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_(Bishop_of_Urgell) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Family http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Breeze http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_Malaysia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Darling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ability_Plus_Software http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Brioschi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkeyshines http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandtaucher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Oosterhoff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kinsey_Report http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hall_Gladstone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electorate_of_Saxony http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Years http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feldthurns http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Hometown http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Idea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attention! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smells_(Bottom) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Music http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_High_School_(Toledo,_Ohio) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Quadricycle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_of_America http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conservationist http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Blood_(The_Outer_Limits) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homespun http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_expedition_to_Tibet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Test http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wheeler_(explorer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Stuhlinger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monserrato http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Garrison_Artillery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Wright http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoapCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_the_Ripper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandokan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_von_Dalberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breuil-Cervinia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SkiArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivelin_Popov http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Form_(programming) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prefaces http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Guevara http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Gilmore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Hinton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Institute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_School_(Virginia) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Club http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baylie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delegation_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Bizzozero http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_Defense http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Picture http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Night_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Moore_Hall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Year_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Giant_Leap http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Rolla http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Johnson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RacingDriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jobs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_in_Furs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_di_Storia_Naturale_di_Firenze http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychological_Types http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewar_benzene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falkland_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sans-Souci_Palace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mercer_(scientist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orator_Shafer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeBSD http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemaic_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Willis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Automobile_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_M._Poniatoff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Milk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbian_American http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Secretary_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Award_(radio) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioProgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Education http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tudor_House,_Langport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Man_Kang http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govert_Bidloo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monuments,_Fine_Arts,_and_Archives_program http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Conservatory_of_Brussels http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ledley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamanca_(locomotive) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measuring_the_World http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Nessler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USS_Sperry_(AS-12) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Evening_Mail http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_le_Prieur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Schmidt_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_College_of_New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Alexander_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelina_Gualdoni http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Taliaferro http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Periodic_Table_(book) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Pato http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sein_Lwin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_Hospitaller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Calkins http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevenson_(toxicologist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Imbrie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Hawk_Aircargo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cork_(city) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton_Park_F.C. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Work_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Boy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Mukomberanwa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siege_of_Stralsund_(1628) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_Herschel,_2nd_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots:_The_Next_Generations http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Kossel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliances_(Star_Trek:_Voyager) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Basilisk_(H11) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegean_Region http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1776 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_Hill http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwide_(Everything_but_the_Girl_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_Grove_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Acts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angers_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gotthelf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Town http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Kaplan_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Stephen_Baldwin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Tavares http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severity_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Good http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pebbles_(series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Tawton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haslar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Kruckenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexamethylenediamine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fedor_Krause http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Cotton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_(The_Office) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boggs_(PAT_station) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moin_Akhter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_Young_University_Museum_of_Art http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gregory_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Hills http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Ireland_(island) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Frank_House http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Intelligence_Corps_(United_States_Army) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narinder_Singh_Kapany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacteria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Hagenbeck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movement_(The_Gossip_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Wedding http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussian_Army http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Pacific http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_a_While http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cages http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_November http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_C._Kemble http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Chalmers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Example_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systematic_Chaos http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_on_Sunday http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Pussin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimenter_Publishing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanity:_Hour_I http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Corsair http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._T._Grein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farman_F.60_Goliath http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepiola http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Theodor_von_Frerichs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agathemerus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(ship) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walbottle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Leuckart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Dancoff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_48 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_des_Maizeaux http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codeine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1515_Poydras http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayr_Academy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Miles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollegeCoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Paul http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlertag http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_and_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathcliff_(Wuthering_Heights) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Success_(company) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Life http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_Phelps http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breslau,_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bietigheim_(Baden) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approach_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruck,_Upper_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Moore_Herring http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetzt_Anders! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirchehrenbach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCrone_Research_Institute http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Woodall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Sun http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Avonmore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Avonbeg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champagne_(historical_province) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squire_Whipple http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Curchod http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Hall_(Harvard_University) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Hall_(Harvard_University) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlelyons http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bromhead http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priority_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operator_(extension) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Finley_(engineer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Practice_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Elevation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etah,_Greenland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_19 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensional_Fund_Advisors http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_23 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varvara_Bubnova http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince-Bishopric_of_Bamberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Time_(Lifehouse_song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Story_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thee_Phantom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Forester_Mushet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Ganchang http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Kraft http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Roebuck_(1690) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_Academy_(Belgium) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beecham_Group http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Pissarro http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Parigi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Warsaw http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jameln http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selimiye_Barracks http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_May_French http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Scotland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Peissel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebio_Oehl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Donald http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_Martin_Bartels http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuesday_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Humphrey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Boy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Erxleben http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonsus_Ciacconius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moments_of_Reprieve http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippolyte_Lecomte http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Catholic_Diocese_of_Padua http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Diocese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Conrad_Brunner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_Heart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manius_Manilius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Plays http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remains_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wipfeld http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabeshima_Mitsushige http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rensselaer_Polytechnic http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Fahlberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_bombings_of_Hiroshima_and_Nagasaki http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturwissenschaften http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsberg,_Germany http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spalding_Gentlemen's_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connections_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Milvian_Bridge_(Giulio_Romano) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Ideas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instructions http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Hospital_Haslar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylam_Dilly http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Men http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_Felix_Krull http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolstan_Dixie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leone_Leoni http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wise_(balloonist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro,_Marquis_de_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Europa_(1765) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Green http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Control http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truce http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_(Katie_Melua_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Pritchard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Enfield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Earnshaw http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambro_Island_Light http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akademisches_Gymnasium_(Vienna) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoia_High_School_(Redwood_City,_California) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spite_(punk_band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Raymond_Jones http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urien_Wiliam http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigenous_Australians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Egmont_(1768) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ellis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VOM_(punk_rock_band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Werner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_W._Day http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borealis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impurity_(Fleshcrawl_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_frigate_Rurik_(1851) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Schultz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Due http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kreenheinstetten http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bass_(optician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Perse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cierva_Autogiro_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IEEE_Edison_Medal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K&F_Manufacturing_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Milich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Pausch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_(1998_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_S._McKay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Farmer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Way http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childe_Wills http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Hostility http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Opinion_Research http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benz,_Nordwestmecklenburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiecznica,_Lower_Silesian_Voivodeship http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_Life http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.B._King_in_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Brix http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casimir_Dudevant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundamentals_of_Physics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_(book) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kersal_Moor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Grove http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_H._Jones http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Almer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plants_and_Animals http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contrary_Magazine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasschule_zu_Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_City_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Physician http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contexts http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circumstance_(short_story) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare_Fists http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallery_Hotel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mnesarchus_of_Athens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desaster http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_frigate_Boudeuse_(1766) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baffin_Mountains http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_Directions_(Champion_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronchitis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animal_World_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Nutt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1162_Larissa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_A._Trozzolo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Army http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fowler_(agricultural_engineer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misfortunes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_Hill http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benz_(Usedom) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Grammar_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinchy_Stryder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quote.com http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Verhaecht http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedicularis_furbishiae http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthe_Vogt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpongeBob_SquarePants_(season_1) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionSeason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Type_10 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Minister http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moye_W._Stephens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Holweck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Croz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tailliez http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_(Summertime_Love) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitamin_B12 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_New_York_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_W._Avery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MirCorp http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassy,_Yonne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rittenhouse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Y._Malcomson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twists_of_Fate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necker-Enfants_Malades_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mackenzie_(cardiologist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weisshorn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexterity_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val-de-Meuse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lodger_(1944_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Walker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Millner_Shackleton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Kauffman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusinessPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Hill http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollegeCoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torso_(1973_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wallez http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Barlow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_von_Boehmer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomond_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Dishel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickson! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Beach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Association_for_Marine_Science http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champtercier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrezan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Locke_(naturalist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Photographer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_la_Concorde_(Paris) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Rodolphe_Perronet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel-Charles_Trudaine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thousand_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Linley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna,_wife_of_Artabasdos http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calders http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Line_(soundtrack) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ornans http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neurocranium http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragments_(Torchwood) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_Things http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Garrett_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Vincent-de-Paul,_Landes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitenay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunou-sur-Orne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RittenhouseTown_Historic_District http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contest,_Mayenne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many,_Moselle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lyte_(botanist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Burnouf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VisIt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tournon,_Savoie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sourdon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Wilhelm_Claus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Minton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Bechstein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Jeffreys http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1600_Pennsylvania_Avenue_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempelhof_Central_Airport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Name http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1252_Celestia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10606_Crocco http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modernista! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1921_Pala http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_While http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Francis_Douglas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Schweidler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Avenue http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Spirit_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Francesco_Gori http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Luck_(Social_Distortion_song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_One_Years http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smallpox http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Oak_Academy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Lecture http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Life http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabies http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byzantine_Empire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hays http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Mount_Austen,_the_Galloping_Horse,_and_the_Sea_Horse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Hafner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheep http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_John_Sellers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1960_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Pallas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faroe_Islands http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1976_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1975_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1977_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_the_Colorblind http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Favor_(2006_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_(Greg_Howe_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1962_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chances_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Antoine_Carrel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Studies http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bellelli_Family http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Red_Cross_National_Headquarters http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liver http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Haxel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Kolletschka http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genghis_Khan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_(given_name) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamisso_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Gotch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Weather http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeppelin_LZ_1 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Clift http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_(Dave_Edmunds_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metrica http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Nussey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._R._S._Yorke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morsel_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Patterson_(guitarist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Labelye http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology_Academic_Campus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Weissenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Boughton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Chlasciak http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opus_Magnum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronsin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_A._Beach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_von_Oettingen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Burman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1927_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1936_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(BBC_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Maria_Lancisi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adler_(locomotive) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smeatonian_Society_of_Civil_Engineers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Quare http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Florida_College_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Horney http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Mudaeus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Khayyam_(horse) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insight_(Adventist_magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benzene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_C._Clarke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leech http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikimedia_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayflower http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghislieri_College http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Colorado_Cutthroats http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Approach_(2007_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Buckingham_(1731) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulip_breaking_virus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_dollar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Foster http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Issues http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_High_School_(San_Jose,_California) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkenntnis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Croix_River_(Nova_Scotia) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Overbeck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alzheimer's_disease http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gaultier_de_la_Vallette http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Herbert_Wenham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_B-52_Stratofortress http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emacs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremerhaven http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._D._Salinger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Library_of_Congress http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steamboat_Willie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HollywoodCartoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1994 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aidan_of_Lindisfarne http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Software_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Hamid_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Conan_Doyle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_Bierce http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Planet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deming,_New_Mexico http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antarctica http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_and_Wendy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Verde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Feigin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Business_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Lippold http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitemans_Green http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Gentleman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifteen_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Valleys http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fungus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fungus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archaea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archaea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Ida_Corr_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sutton_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labour_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Roosevelt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1909 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1938 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Society http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1914 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbeville http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des'ree http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Civil_Service_F.C. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hawking http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landing_Gear http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Sigismund_Leuckart http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Leonard_Hamblin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abram_Litton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homo_erectus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neurological_disorder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Influenza http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulip http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FloweringPlant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1968_PGA_Championship http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1924_PGA_Championship http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talent_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Buchanan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Edward_Mayer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_collision http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_center http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americans http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Trip http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_Heritage_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Magellan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acetic_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrochloric_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Silence_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnish_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icelandic_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bathurst http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Horrocks http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimbour,_Queensland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Isaacson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craftsman_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_and_Ike_(They_Look_Alike) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicStrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_(TV_channel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typhus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Johnston_(Irish_politician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oprah_Winfrey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issues_(The_Saturdays_song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Bysshe_Shelley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basque_Country_(autonomous_community) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Bate_Tichenor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDC_Group http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myocardial_infarction http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Grade http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_V http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hispania http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vichy_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Loeschcke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_(continent) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaglesfield,_Cumbria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumfries_Academy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Gaudy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_and_the_Mind http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kublai_Khan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hawkins_(character) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenadier_Guards http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_De_Niro http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Anse_aux_Meadows http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_O._Clephane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rede,_Suffolk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novaya_Zemlya http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Unrat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/View,_Texas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Young_(General_Superintendent) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Lamothe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lecture_Circuit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_1970 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Larkin_(actor) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Burns http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Orange,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinal_cord http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Hamilton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huckleberry_Finn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoner_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Sade http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amnesia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unix http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_kernel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wehrmacht http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountains_of_Madness_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_French_Empire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conclusion_of_an_Age http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Hand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Off! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_A._Arthur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Aquinas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbestos http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Maier-Leibnitz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Gum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Templiner_See http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridges_TV http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Filomena http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellboy:_The_Troll_Witch_and_Others http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Randall_(Fender) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Twist_of_Fate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Neuilly http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Owen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historical_Research http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principles_(retailer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale-Banks_House http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Diesterweg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulevard_des_Capucines http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oversight_(horse) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Curtius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trude_Hesterberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_W._Ryder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variety_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriots_Novels_Series http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_People_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aucula http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Windmill_Street http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Minding http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incident_(Lost) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rutherford_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkinson's_disease http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimorphite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USS_Traveler_(SP-122) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Brother_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acton_Green,_London http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fineilspitze http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Writings http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Life http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Lives_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macedonians_(Greeks) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitelaw_Reid_(journalist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Year http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_George,_Nova_Scotia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_(suburb) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Joseph_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_ethnicity http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forty_Years http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matvei_Petrovich_Bronstein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hollond http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Monck_Mason http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Door_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filarioidea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Tamarkin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hermite http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Rashevsky http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foot_of_the_Mountain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Vesey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tito_Livio_Burattini http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Rest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_Effect http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_Economy_and_Finance_(Spain) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_Voices http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Researcher_(horse) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daltoni http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inception http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriatic_Sea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_FitzGerald_(poet) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_algebra http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Thompson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hochschule_Mittweida http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Literature http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Morton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surian http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackson_5 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavor_(non-profit) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Pershing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahitians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rope_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_Two_(She_&_Him_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Air_Forces http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Measures http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altar_River http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Alexander_V http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Research http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genetics_Society_of_America http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Prinetti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Cresson_Medal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chances_(Sylver_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indole http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_countries http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAND_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodgkin's_lymphoma http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodoric_I http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonville_and_Caius_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport,_Connecticut http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Speakman http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Hata_Building http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_London_(Ravi_Shankar_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_(singer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Geological_Survey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Paglia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermont_Garrison http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_Records http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordLabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilien_Robespierre http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Air_Corps http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rediscovery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Time http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_Jen-Hu http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Bath_Technical_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001:_A_Space_Odyssey_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Beausire http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipple_Van_Buren_Phillips http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude-Henri_Gorceix http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modula-2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinie_Tempah http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Georg_Weitsch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institution_of_Engineers_and_Shipbuilders_in_Scotland http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviator_(Aviator_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wilcocks http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USC&GS_Discoverer_(1918) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SS_Empire_Beatrice http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester_Savings_Bank http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Montana http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_brothers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertolt_Brecht http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Blue http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_blood_cell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II,_Duke_of_Savoy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1830:_Railroads_&_Robber_Barons http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Kelly_(bishop) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formosa_Boulevard_Station http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Chevallier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Chemistry http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_City_(Tavares_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin-Staaken_station http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vistula http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_I,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specimen_Ridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preventive_Medicine_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socrates http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25th_Anniversary_Celebration http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnstein,_Saxony-Anhalt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bentley_(manufacturer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exam_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerowagon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blume_High_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markus_Fierz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_in_White,_No._1:_The_White_Girl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Fulke_Greville http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_injury http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Bugatti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_Code http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_University_of_Leuven http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cattle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Path http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Melbye http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hope_(botanist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Peace_Prize http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Bradshaw http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mormarevi_Brothers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatian_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teaching_Philosophy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newfoundland_(island) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Conger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehrenfried_Walther_von_Tschirnhaus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Budd http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaker_School_(Burlington) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazare_Carnot http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Mosley_Moule http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lodger_(1932_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Likeness http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_(1949_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition! http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbiturate_overdose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buch_(Berlin) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Seymour_(Redland) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_I_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Stokes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neanderthal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Arena_for_Best_Screenplay http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_George_Weir http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_(UK_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_IV,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Significance_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_outer_ring http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayLine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workers_(Gong_Ren) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Critchfield http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bell_Nicholls http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_14 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Coast_(California) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wall_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Fairbank http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apeiron_(philosophy_journal) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastham_Unit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extravagance_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Four http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Behaviour_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Salisbury_(1746) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Broglio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_End http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Hovius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fomes_fomentarius http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fungus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_France_Jnr_(cabinetmaker) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lodge_Cowley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverbank_Laboratories http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Shima http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Munroe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Clerk_Maxwell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_This_Time http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Request_(Juju_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Melbye http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undersea_World_of_Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autism_spectrum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flemish_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Person_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_and_Theology http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Victory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chapman_(engineer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wreck_Donovan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_2:_The_Mysterious_Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1901_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1912_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1899_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_G._Haley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenade_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_William_Fullerton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galileo_Galilei http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Years_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Oughtred http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Greene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Law http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khayyam_Expressway http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronic_obstructive_pulmonary_disease http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Espenlaub http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sternum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lzip http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinkel_He_71 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Flesh http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Kozhin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoolboy_Q http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cline http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Leontovich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14th_Street_(Manhattan) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich_School_(independent_school) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Yaqub_Yusuf http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Amati http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madras_State http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feynman_Lectures_on_Physics http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._E._Douglass http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Fun http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godefroy_Wendelin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_la_pirotechnia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_A._Watson http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Girolamo_Saccheri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Graunt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_DC-2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Natural_History_Survey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_My_Time http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Branwell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Fever_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Influence http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Paula_del_Villar_y_Lozano http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_and_White_(album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linum_marginale http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Height http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Hodges http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adler_&_Sullivan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bunsen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Lore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedburgh_Grammar_School http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_M._Masiello http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_High_School_(Grand_Rapids,_Michigan) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ward_(academic) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_London_(Dewey_Redman_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackguard http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Music http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charme,_Wisconsin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Knobelsdorff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossal_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Creek_(San_Anselmo_Creek) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Fernez http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptians http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gesellschaft_Deutscher_Chemiker http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._V._H._Weems http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language_and_Literature http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Barlow_(priest) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MV_British_Diplomat_(1926) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captive_King http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Shely http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Bartlett http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendship_(NGO) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bates_(surgeon) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ash_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_(name) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Regime_(American_band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_City,_Wisconsin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_(electric_automobile_company) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Snobs http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niggas_in_Paris http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Wojcicki http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Time http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_(Ringer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Freiherr_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christopher_Draper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Ford http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_I._Marcus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_(TV_Channel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byte_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Montefiore http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipio_Africanus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Altenberg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_8 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_K._Flowers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bork_(Russian_trademark) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Moon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Fleche_(horse) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Witty http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Brothers_Novelty_Band http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Berlin_File http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenicia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Archibald_Venn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Point http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Boy_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo_Ricci http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duns_Scotus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Low http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antimony_potassium_tartrate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Bridge_(Regensburg) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pseudotsuga_menziesii_var._menziesii http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_August http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegasus_Booster http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_French_(architect) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lees_(baseball) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galka_Scheyer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annals_of_Philosophy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_of_Mr._Mississippi_(play) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borghese_Petrucci http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Joseph_Sigismund_von_Roggenbach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achievement_(horse) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_End http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_Investigations_(Husserl) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_III,_Duke_of_Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mann_(actor) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifetime_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathew_Masonwells http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Waves_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hodgkin_(barrister) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonidas_Drosis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Kovalevsky_(paleontologist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Time http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Roughgarden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Million_Years http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_(Bloc_Party_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Forms_(Divided_Circle) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Times,_South_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition_and_Subtraction http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Swift http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Those_Days http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_General_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co-Pilot_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bona_Vista http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Wandelaar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lower http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_VanNewhouse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_O._Spencer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moderne_Algebra http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contribution_(song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeal_(horse) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secular_Thought http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assistant_(by_Speaktoit) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flore_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Edwin_Sechler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Barret http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_Possible http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Trujillo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MartialArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaya_Wittenburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Ali_of_Egypt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartagena,_Spain http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Lux_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Models http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilson_(engineer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitaly_Krokhin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1865 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1864 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathieu_de_Lesseps http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Light_(Primal_Scream_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerian_Kuybyshev http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarity_(Zedd_song) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Step http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Boscawen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Stanley_Ramsey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Authors http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Older_Ones http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richarda_Morrow-Tait http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stevenson_(geologist) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Rogers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialist_Labour_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabetes_mellitus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrington http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaliningrad http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Marcuse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Mario_Bros. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Duchy_of_Baden http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Kahn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Pigott http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Case_of_Dr_Jekyll_and_Mr_Hyde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Gaetana_Agnesi http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/February_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_American http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Suess http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brescia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
