http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Atom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Automobil http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Akustik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Aggregatzustand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bayern http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Barrel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Buch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Berechenbarkeit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Computer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Cholesterin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Compiler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dampfmaschine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Digitaltechnik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Digitale_Signalverarbeitung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/E-Mail http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mond http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Eulersche_Zahl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrische_Kapazität http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrischer_Strom http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektromagnetische_Welle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Frankreich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Faradayscher_Käfig http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gold http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gott http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Goldener_Schnitt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Glas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Hubble-Weltraumteleskop http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Informatik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Information http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Induktivität http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Sebastian_Bach http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Keplersche_Gesetze http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Krebs_(Medizin) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Natriumchlorid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lichtgeschwindigkeit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Maschinenbau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Meter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Methan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Masse_(Physik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Neutron http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Natürliche_Zahl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Niederlande http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Photovoltaik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Planung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Quantenmechanik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Radar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_(Planet) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Salzsäure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Schwefelwasserstoff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Schwefeldioxid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Typografie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Transformator http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Turingmaschine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Vakuum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Wien http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Weißer_Zwerg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Schwarzes_Loch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Unendlichkeit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Unwetter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ethanol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Roboter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Code http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Finite-Elemente-Methode http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Prag http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Augsburg http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Schnelle_Fourier-Transformation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gödelscher_Unvollständigkeitssatz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Polnische_Sprache http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Regelungstechnik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Snelliussches_Brechungsgesetz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Reibung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Europa http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Wurst http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Umweltverschmutzung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Polymer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Buttersäure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektronische_Signatur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Katalyse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mühle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Heisenbergsche_Unschärferelation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Rastertunnelmikroskop http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Straßenbahn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Polarlicht http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrizität http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Spektroskopie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Integrierte_Entwicklungsumgebung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Musical_Instrument_Digital_Interface http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Abtastung_(Signalverarbeitung) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fernrohr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Weißes_Rauschen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Teilmenge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Screening http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetresonanztomographie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Interferenz_(Physik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Legierung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Blau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginäre_Zahl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Knotenüberdeckung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrisches_Feld http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Skalarprodukt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Leichtwasserreaktor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bundesprüfstelle_für_jugendgefährdende_Medien http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Halbleiter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bergbau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Klang http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Veränderlicher_Stern http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Transistor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Neues_Forum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Controlling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Kraftwerk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Schwingung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Supercomputer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Naher_Osten http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Computergrafik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrolyt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Graphit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Videotechnik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gips http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dienstleistung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Supraleiter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Heuristik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Zenon_von_Elea http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Baumwolle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Kondensationsreaktion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Objektorientierte_Programmierung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fachwerkhaus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Formale_Grammatik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mooresches_Gesetz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Nanotechnologie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bahnhof http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Maßeinheit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fernsehserie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Planarer_Graph http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gleichrichter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/René_Descartes http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Schwarzer_Körper http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Photoelektrischer_Effekt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Sachsen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_B-52 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Luftdruck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Funktionale_Programmierung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Theodolit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Geodäsie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/CNN http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Datenschutz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dateiformat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrazin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Permutation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lateinisches_Quadrat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Radionuklid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Wasserkraftwerk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Pumpspeicherkraftwerk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Chiralität_(Chemie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Infrarotspektroskopie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Massenspektrometrie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Vermessung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Acetaldehyd http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamic_Random_Access_Memory http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Benutzerfreundlichkeit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Synthesizer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bus_(Datenverarbeitung) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Feldeffekttransistor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrische_Leitfähigkeit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lactose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Störe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Impakt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Steinkohle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Braunkohle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Farbstoff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Wikimedia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Physikalische_Größe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Unbemanntes_Luftfahrzeug http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Naphthalin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Eurofighter_Typhoon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Funktionelle_Gruppe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Physikalische_Chemie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretische_Informatik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Thread_(Informatik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Korund http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Natronlauge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Hermaphroditismus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Wolle http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Pyridin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Anthracen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Grumman_F-14 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Löwe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Druckvorstufe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Zentrumspartei http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Logdatei http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrischer_Kurzschluss http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/General_Dynamics_F-16 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Streuung_(Physik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Wort_(Theoretische_Informatik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bergwerk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektromagnetische_Verträglichkeit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fließbandfertigung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Abtragung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gleis http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Hochofen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Softwaretest http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Körper_(Geometrie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraische_Struktur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Kühlturm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/IP-Telefonie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Messerschmitt_Me_163 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Inverses_Element http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Zunft http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Spätburgunder http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell-Gleichungen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Narbe_(Wundheilung) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Corioliskraft http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Stalking http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Hämostase http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Layout http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Photonischer_Kristall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_747 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gelb http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Anilin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelische_Hochschule_Darmstadt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lesen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Voltasche_Säule http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fertigungsverfahren http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Affiner_Raum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Spezifischer_Widerstand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Permittivität http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/MSX http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mikojan-Gurewitsch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lockheed_L-1011_TriStar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Wasserversorgung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Laminare_Strömung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Vulkanische_Asche http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Portfolio http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Eutektikum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Aktor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Software-Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ökonometrie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Additiv http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Autobahndreieck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Turbolader http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dauermagnet http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dampfkessel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bajonett http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Drehgestell http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Prognose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Reguläre_Sprache http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Berliner_Dialekt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Technische_Informatik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Aufzugsanlage http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Konkrete_Kunst http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dichtung_(Technik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Zaun http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Cortisol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mechatronik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_(Fürth) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Trägheitskraft http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Sturmgewehr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Erlang_C http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lichtwellenleiter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/De_Havilland_Mosquito http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Modallogik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Maschinelles_Lernen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Durchbruchstal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Verkehrsflugzeug http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gerben http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplexverfahren http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_A6M http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gusseisen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Sponsoring http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Störung_(Geologie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Stereofonie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Sputtern http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Holografie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_707 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tontechnik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ventilsteuerung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Funktional http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lithium-Ionen-Akkumulator http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Kubische_Gleichung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dock_(Schifffahrt) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tuch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Eisenbahnstrecke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Raumklang http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrische_Leitung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/NP-Schwere http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Organische_Leuchtdiode http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Landschaftsverband_Westfalen-Lippe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elliptische_Kurve http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Pflaster_(Belag) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_727 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Abstrakter_Datentyp http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Wärmeübertrager http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gutshof http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Anstrichmittel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Seife_(Geologie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Erlös http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Effusion_(Vulkanismus) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Heterogene_Katalyse http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Angeregter_Zustand http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Propen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Cluster_(Physik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetisierung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Reflex http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Barben http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Varietät_(Mineralogie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Radioaktiver_Abfall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Graph_(Graphentheorie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Nichtlineare_Optik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Konvexe_und_konkave_Funktionen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Most_(Getränk) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperebene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Matrixanzeige http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lineare_Gleichung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Digitales_Filter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Symmetrische_Matrix http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lockheed_C-130 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Rohbau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Vorzeichenwechsel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Montage_(Produktion) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclohexan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Etrich_Taube http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Statistische_Versuchsplanung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dezimalbruch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Rhein-Nahe-Nahverkehrsverbund http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Kongruenzabbildung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Stromunfall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Direkte_Numerische_Simulation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fügen_(Fertigungstechnik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Abteilwagen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Energieübertragung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mensch-Computer-Interaktion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/MDR_Jump http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioStation
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_J-3 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Cutter_(Film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_(Geologie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Inverse_Matrix http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_de_Paris http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painting
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Swatch http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Handhabungseinrichtung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Grumman_A-6 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Halbnorm http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnamesische_Sprache http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Transformation_(Genetik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Prospektion_(Archäologie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Funktechnik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Capital http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Schwingungstilger http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Indol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Verteidigungsministerium_der_Vereinigten_Staaten http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Kaimane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrische_Energie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Falte_(Geologie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mischkristall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Moskauer_Staatliches_Luftfahrtinstitut http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrostatische_Entladung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Antiproton http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Prozesssynchronisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Polarisator http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Konforme_Abbildung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Hochverfügbarkeit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Entscheidbar http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Schale_(Technische_Mechanik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Format_(Zeitschrift) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Innenballistik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Endliche_Menge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/McDonnell_F-101 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Flickr http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Virtuelles_Teilchen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Continuous_wave http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dilatation_(Geometrie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Kalisalz http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Psychische_Störung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tabakrauchen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektronische_Schaltung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Outline_(Literatur) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bandstruktur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Toll-like_Receptor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/NUK_(Clown) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dial http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Neue_Österreichische_Tunnelbaumethode http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ebene_kristallographische_Gruppe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Irreguläre_Galaxie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_A-20 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa_Romeo_Spider http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Maschinelles_Sehen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Smog_(Film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mobility_Carsharing http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Literaturdatenbank http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Analytische_Fortsetzung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Analogsignal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Anharmonischer_Oszillator http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tuff http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Planetenbahn http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Curtiss_C-46 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Sanierung_(Bauwesen) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Logik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Vitalismus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Systemtheorie_(Ingenieurwissenschaften) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Digitalsignal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gebirgsschlag http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fluter_(Magazin) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Basis_(Band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Front_(Diskothek) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Feeder_(Glas) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Absetzen_(Tierzucht) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Taubes_Gestein http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Wellner http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/De_Havilland_Canada_DHC-2 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_(Zeitschrift) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Google http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Teststrecke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Latexband http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Benzoesäure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Eda_(Eda) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Separator_(Batterie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Integrierte_Optik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Strahlteiler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/YouTube http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrari_250_GTO http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Führungsgröße http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Einkaufs-Center_Neuperlach_–_pep http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/View_(Magazin) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Streaming_Media http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Impulse_(Zeitschrift) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematisches_Objekt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_App http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Domain_(Internet) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/SIC_(Zeitschrift) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Allianz_der_Mitte http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_A-26 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Overhead_(Band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Balance_(Album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/SoHo_(Parteigruppe) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamisches_System http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/TN-System http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_(Volk) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Versatz_(Bergbau) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Metallisches_Glas http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Island http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Venn_(Mönchengladbach) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Intel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Sonnenwärmekraftwerk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bauverfahren http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bias_(Elektronik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Siedlung_(Städtebau) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tandem_(Hip-Hop-Gruppe) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChartsPlacements
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Hostel_(Mechernich) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Deich http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Weeke http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Argon_Verlag http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_500_(2007) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gleitband http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/HIT_Handelsgruppe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_(deutsche_Band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lück_(Brauerei) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Textile_Vorbehandlung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Objektrelationale_Abbildung http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/China http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_(Band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Orientierung_(Fernsehsendung) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Elektromagnetische_Induktion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Facelift_(Band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Eingabe_(Computer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Schliff_(Schmuckstein) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Twins_(Berg) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Relaxationsmethode http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Basket_(Zeitschrift) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Objektorientierte_Analyse_und_Design http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Maxent_(Software) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bang_(Band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Backhefe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lagergang http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Determination_(Logik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Spindler http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fraunhofer-Institut_für_Sichere_Informationstechnologie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_(Zeitschrift) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Flexur http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Reg_(Sahara) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Arginin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Pump_(Band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Airbus_A300 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dates http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Freibord_(Zeitschrift) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lamia_(Geliebte_des_Themistokles) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_(Film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Laderaum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bildgebendes_Verfahren_(Medizin) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Kegel_(Geometrie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Hausbau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Flugmanöver_(Modellhubschrauber) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Strebausbau http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fit_(Unternehmen) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_(Musiker) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChartsPlacements
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Pinch-Effekt_(Strömungslehre) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Cano_(Sousel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gut_Bülk http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Konvektion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Lug_(Niederlausitz) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Source_(Kunstwerk) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_(Software) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Sor_(Fluss) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Schifffahrtsmuseum_(Düsseldorf) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ozon_(Fernsehsendung) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tekla http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ringraum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Projectile http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Millen_(Selfkant) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Greene_(Einbeck) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_(Kletterroute) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Kombinatorik http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Bürstenloser_Gleichstrommotor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Scherung_(Magnet) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Superposition_(Mathematik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Speicherkraftwerk_(Wasser) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ta_(Wesir) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Spacer_(Halbleitertechnik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Worms_(Gemeinde_Bartholomäberg) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Geometrische_Frustration http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Automobiles_F.D. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_(Album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Restwassermenge http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Quantenphasenübergang http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Allman_Bullock http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Clásicos_Canarios_de_Automóviles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Graph_(Linguistik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Paser_(Beamter) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/ONEtoONE http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Thure_(Sambre) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Jar_(Udmurtien) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gerichteter_Graph http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Linse_(Geologie) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Informationsstelle_Lateinamerika http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Società_Automobili_Lombarda_Vetture_Esperia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/AIT_(Fachzeitschrift) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Mixtur_(Musik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Partei_der_Vernunft http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Distance_(Mangaka) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/REDD_(Sängerin) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChartsPlacements
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Manifold_(Schiffbau) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tragfähigkeit_(Technik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/III_(Album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Doppl_(Gemeinde_Altenfelden) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Ambulance_(2005) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Variation_(Kombinatorik) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Fill_(Unternehmen) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/S-Bahn_Istanbul http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamit_(Lied) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tee_(Sänger) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Gal_(Zeitung) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Tailor_(Musikerin) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyers http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Plate_(Lüchow) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Diskrete_Untergruppe http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Homomorphismus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Materials http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Zustandsgröße http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acetylene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adenosine_triphosphate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northrop_Grumman_B-2_Spirit http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concorde http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethanol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Medal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glucose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamma-Hydroxybutyric_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honduras http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Organization_for_Standardization http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysergic_acid_diethylamide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Rover http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methanol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prolog http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toluene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyre,_Lebanon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talc http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrous_oxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_dioxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_cream http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fructose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucrose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half-Life_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galactose http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perchloric_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympus_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspartic_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockheed_Martin_F-22_Raptor http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poe_(singer) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avro_Canada_CF-105_Arrow http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_VIC-20 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.T._the_Extra-Terrestrial http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mir http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloroform http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CONTOUR http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_777 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phalanx_CIWS http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needles,_California http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brush,_Colorado http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ale_Municipality http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coquille,_Oregon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluminium_oxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethylene_glycol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcium_oxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_737 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_757 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogurt http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron(II)_sulfate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paintball http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styrene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glycerol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poly(methyl_methacrylate) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essen http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coma_Berenices http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinitrogen_tetroxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intercity-Express http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certified_Public_Accountant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polypropylene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen_chloride http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_carbide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitric_oxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potassium_hydroxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetrahydrofuran http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromomethane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_disulfide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnesium_sulfate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITER http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawker_Hunter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rover_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Focus http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chewing_gum http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RRS_Discovery http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dichloromethane http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclooxygenase http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMC_(automobile) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_knife http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaccinium_macrocarpon http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcium_chloride http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rye,_East_Sussex http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcium_hydroxide http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ærø http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt's_Manufacturing_Company http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Tame,_Greater_Manchester http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECos http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAIL_(programming_language) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potassium_permanganate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folland_Gnat http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Intelligence_Community http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewe_language http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_(1989_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_and_Justice http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysozyme http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Capri http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melamine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramie http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrobenzene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angiotensin-converting_enzyme http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_allergy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Century http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stachys http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M72_LAW http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_S.A. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAE_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varna_Airport http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Électricité_de_France http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethanolamine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Sunny http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frikadeller http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwerer_Gustav http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROOT http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEAT_Toledo http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_fuel http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glutathione_S-transferase http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myspace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Galaxy http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vimentin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lactitol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nin,_Croatia http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper(II)_chloride http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Bicycles http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanganate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biphenyl http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronghold_(2001_video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugatti_Royale http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triethylamine http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclooctatetraene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mat_(river) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_(The_Cult_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_(The_Rolling_Stones_album) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadair_CL-44 http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulfuryl_chloride http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XING http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isobutanol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOiSE http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud_University_Vienna http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_(2007_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strain_(manga) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar_(2009_film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zearalenone http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tut,_Turkey http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digoxigenin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._R._Penck http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potassium_iodate http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boss_(roller_coaster) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RollerCoaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammock_(band) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BackTrack http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crank_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hummel_International http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force,_Marche http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferroin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juli_Fernández http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facebook http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hun,_Libya http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Waddell_Alexander_II http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballistic_trauma http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Street_View http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FEM_(TV_channel) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Deadly_Darling http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwall http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingen,_Bas-Rhin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kartellverband http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Pinching http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benzene http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acetic_acid http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velcro http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Nan http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FigureSkater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kłodzino,_Szczecinek_County http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Control_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offset_(film) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_John_Wrencher http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wt_(web_toolkit) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eom_Hye-won http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer
