superSuperType superType
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GridironFootballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Satellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Device http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsSeason http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamSeason
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Database
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Region http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportFacility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WinterSportPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClericalAdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WinterSportPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsSeason http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamSeason
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportRacer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RacingDriver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportFacility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FloweringPlant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Instrumentalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biomolecule http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WinterSportPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/UnitOfWork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biomolecule http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TopicalConcept http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsSeason http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamSeason
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportRacer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RacingDriver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamSeason http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballLeagueSeason
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Horse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportFacility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportFacility http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceTrack
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportRacer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Presenter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/UnitOfWork http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmusementParkAttraction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WinterSportPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportFacility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WinterSportPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsSeason http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamSeason
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsManager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportRacer http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OrganisationMember
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportFacility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Case http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LegalCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Presenter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EducationalInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmusementParkAttraction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person
