http://blog.yovisto.com/abu-mashar-al-balkhi-the-prince-of-astrologers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetzlar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/June 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herostratus-burns-the-temple-of-artemis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statue 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandtaucher 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviatrix-amy-johnson-and-the-flight-to-australia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernova 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Sloane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-was-born-free-and-he-is-everywhere-in-chains-jean-jacques-rousseau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Life 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comin-thro-the-rye-j-d-salinger-and-his-famous-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursinus_College 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-morton-and-the-ether-anesthesia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ether 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eadweard-muybridge-and-the-photography-of-motion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-bernoulli-and-the-bernoulli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Bernoulli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decimal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/although-i-cannot-prove-it-the-famous-goldbach-conjecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_mass_action 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diameter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/b-f-skinner-and-radical-behaviorism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_consequence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-siegfried-albinus-and-his-anatomic-works/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-lane-fox-pitt-rivers-the-father-of-british-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_Academy_(Belgium) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tebbutt-and-the-great-comet-of-1861/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-blood-and-the-crown-jewels-of-england/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/albert-von-koelliker-and-the-origins-of-embriology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(biology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-lemaitre-and-the-big-bang-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Paul_Cailletet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metric_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Process_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mary-the-jewess-and-the-origins-of-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byzantine_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-parkinson-and-parkinsons-disease/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_industry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflection_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_fusion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-travels-of-william-dampier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaussian_elimination 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacetime 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-joseph-sylvester-lawyer-and-mathematician/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort 
http://blog.yovisto.com/at-the-beginning-was-a-bet-georg-friedrich-grotefend-and-the-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/max-wertheim-and-gestalt-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-klecks-rorschach-and-his-eponymous-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/constantine-and-the-battle-at-the-milvian-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-roger-penrose-and-the-singularity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_re_metallica 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_This_Is_a_Man 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/learning-and-motivation-according-to-clark-leonard-hull/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-mackenzie-and-the-study-of-cardiac-arrhythmias/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=698 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Matisse 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complex_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/werner-forssmann-and-the-dangerous-self-experiment-in-cardiac-catheterization/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messier_object 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Paterson_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-de-broglie-and-wave-nature-of-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicopter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/howard-h-aiken-and-the-harvarad-mark-i/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin_Law_School 
http://blog.yovisto.com/well-i-didnt-know-it-was-hard-happy-birthday-ivan-sutherland/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketchpad 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hero-of-mushroom-kingdom-turns-27-super-mario/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weighing_scale 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropical_cyclone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-s-kuhn-and-the-structure-of-scientific-revolutions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Term_(logic) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apparent_magnitude 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hero-of-mushroom-kingdom-turns-27-super-mario/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_game 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/baltasar-gracian-and-the-art-of-wisdom/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-battista-morgagni-and-the-science-of-anatomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibbs_free_energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-w-taylor-the-first-management-consultant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economic_efficiency 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithium_chloride 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-ledley-and-the-computer-tomograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray_computed_tomography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-gregory-and-the-gregorian-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Abbey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-stibitz-and-the-electromechanical-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbury,_Berkshire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-lawrence-and-the-cyclotron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Minnesota 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-joseph-minard-and-the-art-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victor-franz-hess-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=818 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Fleming 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Jean_Fresnel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amorphous_solid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aristarchus-of-samos-and-the-heliocentric-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitruvius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superconductivity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-james-lick-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diameter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Span_(architecture) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mercer-and-the-cotton-mercerisation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackshirts 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single-cylinder_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-very-first-printed-book/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-boole-the-founder-of-modern-logics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boolean_algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrational_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-lippisch-and-the-delta-wing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighter_aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_My_Time 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-steno-and-the-principles-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amerigo-vespucci-and-the-new-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Verde 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_phone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-american-to-walk-in-space-edward-white/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialectic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-briggs-and-the-popularization-on-logarithms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_(former_city) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/twice-the-speed-of-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maser 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmaceutical_drug 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/max-wertheim-and-gestalt-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubiquitous_computing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mercer-and-the-cotton-mercerisation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/avicenna-and-the-islamic-golden-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=694 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-cook-and-the-great-barrier-reef/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Receiver_(radio) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grace-hopper-and-the-programming-languages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/evangeliste-torricelli-and-the-barometer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmospheric_pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-joseph-sylvester-lawyer-and-mathematician/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/barbara-mcclintock-and-cytogenetics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oliver-sacks-and-his-literary-case-studies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Anthropologist_on_Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bug-that-wasnt-really-a-bug-computer-pioneer-grace-murray-hopper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/COBOL 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rifling 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cart 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smartphone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-sydney-harbour-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herge-and-the-adventures-of-tintin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Bragg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bedwyn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drought 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Ganchang 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-unfortunate-inventions-of-charles-cros/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Term_(logic) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camillo-golgi-and-the-golgi-apparatus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brescia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-weizenbaum-and-his-famous-eliza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Bergius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cart 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christiaan-huygens-and-the-pocket-watch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hooke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-john-reith-and-the-bbc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Engineers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rosalind-franklin-and-the-beauty-of-the-dna-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_(journal) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antenna_(radio) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/twice-the-speed-of-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_instructor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Owen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-of-dr-seuss/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Sabine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/laurens-hammond-and-the-hammond-organ/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_(business) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=845 http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-cohen-and-the-first-computer-virus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARPANET 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-poincare-the-last-universalist-of-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_(person) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-hagenbeck-and-the-modern-zoo/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eniac-the-first-computer-introduced-into-public/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mauchly 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-james-lick-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Emerson_Barnard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-planetary-tables-of-erasmus-reinhold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_resistivity_and_conductivity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutrino 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacetime 
http://blog.yovisto.com/although-i-cannot-prove-it-the-famous-goldbach-conjecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/God 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amusing-ourselves-to-death-by-neil-postman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-lindbergh-and-his-spirit-of-st-louis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Depression 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attitude_(psychology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twists_of_Fate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-sydney-harbour-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sophie-germain-and-the-chladni-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fermat's_Last_Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmmaking 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_speed 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/YouTube 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-christian-gram-and-the-gram-stain/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_wall 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bug-that-wasnt-really-a-bug-computer-pioneer-grace-murray-hopper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dont-panic-remembering-douglas-adams/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foot_(unit) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouse_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-beaumont-and-the-human-digestion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Matthias_Olbers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_iron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/igor-sikorsky-and-the-helicopter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicopter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-planetary-tables-of-erasmus-reinhold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Flammarion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_potential_energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-mitchell-and-the-comets/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wipfeld 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vom-science-slam-zur-bestsellerliste/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noch_(model_railroads) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piezoelectricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-friedmann-and-the-expanding-universe/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Steklov 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Wall 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casting 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-tito-space-tourist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soyuz_TM-32 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antonio-stradivari-and-his-famous-strings/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-patrick-manson-the-father-of-tropical-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-francis-drakes-discovery-of-nova-albion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falmouth,_Cornwall 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jule-gregory-charney-and-the-weather-prediction/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavement_(band) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/space-invaders/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-simmel-first-generation-sociologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-draper-and-his-passion-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dissociation_(chemistry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_the_Apostles 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cecilia-payne-gaposchkin-and-the-composition-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_element 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_(optics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Koch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amusing-ourselves-to-death-by-neil-postman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superconductivity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astley-paston-cooper-a-pioneer-in-experimental-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jule-gregory-charney-and-the-weather-prediction/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_warming 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-art-of-suspense-alfred-hitchcocks-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetic_resonance_imaging 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amos-eaton-and-the-science-of-education/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Silliman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-john-reith-and-the-bbc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joshua-slocum-and-his-first-single-handed-sail-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_seaman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antoine-cournot-and-the-mathematical-theory-of-economics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Teller 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maluku_Islands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victor-franz-hess-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/salomon-august-andrees-arctic-balloon-expedition-of-1897/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherenkov_radiation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-von-neumann-game-theory-and-the-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Geneva 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-mitchell-and-the-comets/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observational_astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economic_efficiency 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-hudsons-voyages-in-north-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/encore-un-moment-the-life-of-madame-du-barry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrophysics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coulomb's_law 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wilkins-and-the-universal-language/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(cryptography) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-boris-chain-and-his-research-on-antibiotics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysozyme 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bug-that-wasnt-really-a-bug-computer-pioneer-grace-murray-hopper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraphy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Injection_(medicine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Riccioli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Units_of_measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattern_recognition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-boole-the-founder-of-modern-logics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joshua-slocum-and-his-first-single-handed-sail-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchant_vessel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bechstein-and-his-famous-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/albrecht-von-haller-father-of-modern-physiology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_von_Haller 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pablo-picassos-guernica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-jacobi-and-the-elliptic-functions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=331 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Piazzi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/apollo-17-the-last-men-on-the-moon-so-far/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Base_(chemistry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compiler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laptop 
http://blog.yovisto.com/igor-sikorsky-and-the-helicopter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benzene 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Clerk_Maxwell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/donald-knuth-and-the-art-of-programming/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeX 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-shannon-father-of-information-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Shannon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-newcomen-and-the-steam-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cylinder_(engine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minkowski_space 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-johnson-and-his-famous-dictionary/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_Maupertuis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmospheric_pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-woese-and-the-arachea/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-de-condorcet-and-the-condorcet-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_le_Rond_d'Alembert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consistency 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=752 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Curie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Tempelhof_Airport 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-wely-between-pure-mathematics-and-theoretical-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-brounckers-approximation-of-pi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasma_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-victor-horsley-a-pioneer-in-neural-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-mandeville-and-the-fable-of-the-bees/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-francis-drakes-discovery-of-nova-albion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frame_rate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/scaliger-and-the-science-of-chronology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-the-uranus-moons-ariel-and-umbriel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-schiller-the-robbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plot_(narrative) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-joseph-rouget-de-lisle-and-the-marseillaise/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Guard_(France) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Region 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrival_(composition) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parabola 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Boy_(song) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-steel-of-sir-henry-bessemer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_(business) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jane-goodall-and-the-chimpanzees/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Goodall 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-weizenbaum-and-his-famous-eliza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_program 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveller_(role-playing_game) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-novels-of-thomas-hardy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-planetary-tables-of-erasmus-reinhold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magister_(degree) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_code 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipbuilding 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectroscopy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/evangeliste-torricelli-and-the-barometer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/othniel-charles-marsh-and-the-great-bone-wars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-hodgekin-a-pioneer-in-preventive-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-green-and-his-record-balloon-flight/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/on-the-road-with-alexander-von-humboldt/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-romantic-music-of-robert-schumann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_Commerson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothea-erxleben-germanys-first-female-medical-doctor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-joseph-minard-and-the-art-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philippe-pinel-the-father-of-modern-psychiatry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Physical_Journal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-steel-of-sir-henry-bessemer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_iron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ray-dolby-noise-reduction-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/beaumarchais-and-figaros-wedding/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maarten-schmidt-and-the-quasars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/donald-knuth-and-the-art-of-programming/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_power 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-wely-between-pure-mathematics-and-theoretical-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/etienne-de-condillac-and-the-importance-of-language-in-logical-reasoning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-last-lecture-of-randy-pausch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Span_(architecture) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Venice 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-budd-and-the-infectious-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ehrlich 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antonio-stradivari-and-his-famous-strings/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-beaumont-and-the-human-digestion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aristarchus-of-samos-and-the-heliocentric-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spam-rules-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_virus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_area_network 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comte-de-buffon-and-his-histoire-naturelle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montbard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hebrides 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analytic_geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explosion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philippe-pinel-the-father-of-modern-psychiatry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compiler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reaumur-and-the-reaumur-temperature-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomson,_1st_Baron_Kelvin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-plays-of-george-bernard-shaw/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pygmalion_(play) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-briggs-and-the-popularization-on-logarithms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Briggs_(mathematician) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psychologist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infrared 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_J._de_Solla_Price 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_power_transmission 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_element 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton's_laws_of_motion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antoine-lavoisiers-theory-of-combustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Joachim_Becher 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Faraday 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_intelligence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-cook-and-the-great-barrier-reef/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vistula 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diameter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dr-joseph-lister-and-the-use-of-carbolic-acid-as-disinfectant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1877_U.S._Patent_Office_fire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voronoi_diagram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_(TV_Channel) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oscar-hammerstein-and-his-love-for-arts/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_de_Milo 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-lemaitre-and-the-big-bang-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abu-mashar-al-balkhi-the-prince-of-astrologers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetrabiblos 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Overseas_Territories 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_compound 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hayden-geological-survey-and-the-yellowstone-national-park/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wesley_Powell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dollond-and-the-achromatic-lenses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchant_vessel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alcuin-of-york-and-the-carolingian-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/othniel-charles-marsh-and-the-great-bone-wars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Drinker_Cope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-steel-of-sir-henry-bessemer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-midgley-jr-and-the-development-of-leaded-fuel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethanol 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contract 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-iffland-and-the-iffland-ring/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_locomotive 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_structure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-faulds-and-the-fingerprints/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_ceramics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_National_des_Jeunes_Aveugles 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anders-jonas-angstrom-and-the-science-of-spectroscopy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unit_of_length 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-rumseys-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/House 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anders-jonas-angstrom-and-the-science-of-spectroscopy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sabine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercomputer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Bernoulli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_End_(Blur_song) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine-structure_constant 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviatrix-amy-johnson-and-the-flight-to-australia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geodesy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldland_Common 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveying 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerbert-of-aurillac-and-the-popularization-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-pennant-zoologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveller_(role-playing_game) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amusing-ourselves-to-death-by-neil-postman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/November 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thales-of-miletus-possibly-the-father-of-greek-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-planetary-tables-of-erasmus-reinhold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observational_astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transport 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sophie-germain-and-the-chladni-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elasticity_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aristarchus-of-samos-and-the-heliocentric-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Owen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronze 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/diophantos-of-alexandria-the-father-of-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerolamo-cardano-and-the-mathematics-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-murray-and-the-oceanography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Air_Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Florence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mikhail-tsvet-the-father-of-chromatography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcohol 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-cavendish-and-the-weight-of-the-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscillation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prediction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/umberto-eco-and-the-name-of-the-rose/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semiotics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_decay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calibration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jethro-tull-and-the-agricultural-revolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pablo-picassos-guernica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-victor-horsley-a-pioneer-in-neural-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niels-ryberg-finsen-and-the-phototherapy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faroe_Islands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-johnson-and-his-famous-dictionary/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/world-digital-library/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonesfield 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Backus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_equilibrium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-paul-rubens-and-the-baroque-extravaganza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contract 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reckless-power-play-politics-niccolo-machiavelli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cylinder_(geometry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-louis-davids-history-paintings/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/laurens-hammond-and-the-hammond-organ/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical_instrument 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-rumseys-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser_diode 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-fromm-and-the-frankfurt-school-of-critical-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth,_Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ettore-bugatti-and-the-most-beautiful-cars-in-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-iffland-and-the-iffland-ring/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-lister-and-the-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamic_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elena-lucrezia-cornaro-piscopia-phd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrival_(composition) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-say-and-his-love-for-beetles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Region 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/baron-gerard-de-geer-and-the-varves/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approximation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Great_Britain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=47 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cavendish 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hazel-bishop-and-the-long-lasting-lipstick/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_College_Belfast 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isotope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truce 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Papin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Paris 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_2 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condensation_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_processing_unit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emancipation_of_Mimi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-wyville-thomson-and-the-challenger-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wyville_Thomson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-peltier-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomson,_1st_Baron_Kelvin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-hofstadter-and-controlled-nuclear-fission/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_fission 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturwissenschaften 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-of-lyonel-feininger/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Radio_Astronomy_Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_generator 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_industry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ockhams-razor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contact_(novel) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riemann_curvature_tensor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-poetry-of-walt-whitman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Giessen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-love-affairs-of-george-sand/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-joachim-rheticus-achievements-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potential_energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mercer-and-the-cotton-mercerisation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaving 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cecilia-payne-gaposchkin-and-the-composition-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustin-louis-cauchy-and-the-rigor-of-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand 
http://blog.yovisto.com/howard-h-aiken-and-the-harvarad-mark-i/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_H._Aiken 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-hutton-the-father-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airfoil 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-bautista-de-anza-and-the-route-to-san-francisco-bay/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gila_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-novels-of-thomas-hardy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hurwitz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-furtwaengler-and-photographic-archeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-s-kuhn-and-the-structure-of-scientific-revolutions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elena-lucrezia-cornaro-piscopia-phd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_reactor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-lemaitre-and-the-big-bang-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_11 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-steel-of-sir-henry-bessemer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesse 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainframe_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joshua-slocum-and-his-first-single-handed-sail-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Years_(song) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hochschule_Mittweida 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Young_Simpson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveying 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-beaumont-and-the-human-digestion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-nicollet-and-the-upper-mississippi-river/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-higinbotham-and-tennis-for-two/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_dilution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-morton-and-the-ether-anesthesia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_T._G._Morton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-is-in-ever-present-change-heraclitus-of-ephesus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_La_Hire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victorian-art-love-and-poetry-elizabeth-barret-browning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orkney 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-frobenius-and-german-ethnography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Frobenius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_S._Tanenbaum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-lawrence-and-the-cyclotron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Berkeley_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-hevelius-and-his-selenographia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/November 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulsar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-very-first-printed-book/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Curie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=565 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_von_Liebig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Units_of_measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_State_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watercraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehicle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude-Louis_Navier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diameter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compact_disc 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abu-mashar-al-balkhi-the-prince-of-astrologers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eadweard-muybridge-and-the-photography-of-motion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-james-audubons-birds-of-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota_Territory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_College_of_Physicians 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Email 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_(business) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchant_vessel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraviolet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victorian-art-love-and-poetry-elizabeth-barret-browning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-w-alderson-and-the-crash-test-dummies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-de-moivre-and-the-doctrine-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probability_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunschweig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pablo-picassos-guernica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_criticism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Goddard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-joachim-becher-and-the-phlogiston-theory-of-combustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Joachim_Becher 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hayden-geological-survey-and-the-yellowstone-national-park/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tornado 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momentum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Goudsmit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_(particle) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-s-kuhn-and-the-structure-of-scientific-revolutions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-cornelius-shoots-the-very-first-selfie/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cornelius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roger-cotes-and-newtons-principia-mathematica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smith_(mathematician) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_structure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaugency 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-ray-and-the-art-of-photograms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-shannon-father-of-information-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boolean_algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_supply 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locomotive 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-james-lick-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvan_Clark 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bug-that-wasnt-really-a-bug-computer-pioneer-grace-murray-hopper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alarm_clock 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-schlegel-and-his-shakespeare-translations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Horen_(Schiller) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayr_Academy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrija-mohorovicic-and-the-mohorovicic-discontinuity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/beaumarchais-and-figaros-wedding/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Great_Britain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Lavoisier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Positron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Process_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathode_ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-de-coubertin-and-the-idea-of-the-olympic-games/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-makepeace-thackerays-deft-skewering-of-human-foibles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_decay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-faulds-and-the-fingerprints/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northumbria 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_number_theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-bernoulli-and-the-bernoulli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/diophantos-of-alexandria-the-father-of-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_code 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-binet-and-the-intelligence-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Piaget 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/valentin-glushko-and-the-space-race/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/August 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-nightingale-the-lady-with-the-lamp/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/evangeliste-torricelli-and-the-barometer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-peltier-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Johann_Seebeck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elasticity_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-nightingale-the-lady-with-the-lamp/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremsstrahlung 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prototype 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herbert-a-simon-and-the-science-of-decision-making/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_simulation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylam_Dilly 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-von-krafft-ebing-and-deviant-sexual-behaviour/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-novels-of-thomas-hardy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester,_Dorset 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-hutton-the-father-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Matthias_Olbers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_suit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_domain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dr-joseph-lister-and-the-use-of-carbolic-acid-as-disinfectant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transport 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-arkwright-the-father-of-the-industrial-revolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinning_(textiles) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_structure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradox 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-weddell-and-the-southern-ocean/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Jelinek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-saccheri-and-his-problems-with-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattern_recognition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-boole-the-founder-of-modern-logics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stream 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left-wing_politics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-achard-and-the-sugar-beet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electromechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/austerlitz-the-battle-of-the-three-emperors/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austrian_Armed_Forces 
http://blog.yovisto.com/deodat-de-dolomieu-and-the-love-for-rocks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-battle-of-valmy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grace-hopper-and-the-programming-languages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/COBOL 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1515_Poydras 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-paperts-logo-programming-language/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_intelligence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-roger-penrose-and-the-singularity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Parnell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/intel-4004-the-worlds-first-microprocessor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-pulitzer-prize/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-stibitz-and-the-electromechanical-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stibitz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dollond-and-the-achromatic-lenses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-victor-horsley-a-pioneer-in-neural-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilder_Penfield 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallurgy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gunter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-herschel-a-pioneer-in-celestial-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Herschel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-fitzroy-from-darwins-famous-voyage-to-meteorology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-lane-fox-pitt-rivers-the-father-of-british-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/umberto-eco-and-the-name-of-the-rose/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_(album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/File_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=706 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Domenico_Cassini 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Tempelhof_Airport 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-weizenbaum-and-his-famous-eliza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/User_interface 
http://blog.yovisto.com/beaumarchais-and-figaros-wedding/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_watch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell's_equations 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_(grinding) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/b-f-skinner-and-radical-behaviorism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-bayle-forerunner-of-the-age-of-enlightenment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puylaurens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Torvalds 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflection_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-klecks-rorschach-and-his-eponymous-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maxim-gorky-and-the-socialist-realism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/life-and-legend-of-frederick-barbarossa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-schlegel-and-his-shakespeare-translations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basis_(linear_algebra) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-s-kuhn-and-the-structure-of-scientific-revolutions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-life-and-work-of-philippe-de-la-hire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analytic_geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceflight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/on-the-road-with-alexander-von-humboldt/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-rondolphe-perronet-and-the-bridges-of-paris/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_la_Concorde_(Paris) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Process_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-lister-and-the-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explosion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/willy-ley-founder-of-the-german-rocket-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceflight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-ortelius-and-the-theatrum-orbis-terrarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equilateral_triangle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/albrecht-von-haller-father-of-modern-physiology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Lockyer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_1970 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Sommerfeld 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pieter-van-musschenbroek-and-the-leyden-jar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Henry_Allport 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-boole-the-founder-of-modern-logics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydraulic_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Object-oriented_programming 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-mitchell-and-the-comets/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_resistance_and_conductance 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tax_advisor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jule-gregory-charney-and-the-weather-prediction/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renewable_energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aggression 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_(business) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-bayle-forerunner-of-the-age-of-enlightenment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toleration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/julius-richard-petri-and-the-petri-dish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Process_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-was-born-free-and-he-is-everywhere-in-chains-jean-jacques-rousseau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-say-and-his-love-for-beetles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Speakman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-locke-and-the-social-contract/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basis_(linear_algebra) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_script 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-tito-space-tourist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lewis-terman-and-the-intelligence-quotient/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Terman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-leonard-woolley-and-the-excavations-in-ur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leatherhead 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_University_(Indiana) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herodotus-the-father-of-history/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyre,_Lebanon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_compound 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-joachim-rheticus-achievements-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-de-broglie-and-wave-nature-of-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Paris 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-the-uranus-moons-ariel-and-umbriel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_(moon) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-kahn-and-the-mensch-maschine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/donald-knuth-and-the-art-of-programming/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annonay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Twist_of_Fate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arithmetic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-paul-rubens-and-the-baroque-extravaganza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_(Katie_Melua_album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mauchly 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveying 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prediction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-de-coubertin-and-the-idea-of-the-olympic-games/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrestling 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Years 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amusing-ourselves-to-death-by-neil-postman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amusing_Ourselves_to_Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-art-of-suspense-alfred-hitchcocks-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-the-pope-divided-the-new-world-among-spain-and-the-rest-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/baltasar-gracian-and-the-art-of-wisdom/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breslau,_Ontario 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-binet-and-the-intelligence-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Binet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amusing-ourselves-to-death-by-neil-postman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student's_t-test 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-of-lyonel-feininger/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-weddell-and-the-southern-ocean/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Shetland_Islands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ejnar_Hertzsprung 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alhazen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philippe-pinel-the-father-of-modern-psychiatry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herostratus-burns-the-temple-of-artemis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraphy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redruth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_of_light 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/God 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-green-and-his-record-balloon-flight/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nassau,_Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-moore-irelands-national-bard/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-last-lecture-of-randy-pausch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++ 
http://blog.yovisto.com/selma-lagerloef-and-the-wonderful-adventures-of-niels-holgersson/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_(building) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lawrence-of-arabia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assembly_line 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eadweard-muybridge-and-the-photography-of-motion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biochemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manchester 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marcel-breuer-master-of-modernism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-poincare-the-last-universalist-of-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/apollo-17-the-last-men-on-the-moon-so-far/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_17 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Gaetana_Agnesi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-midgley-jr-and-the-development-of-leaded-fuel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlorofluorocarbon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-von-opel-and-the-rocket-car/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joshua-slocum-and-his-first-single-handed-sail-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_(former_city) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pursuit_of_Love 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wednesday 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicaragua 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-legend-of-bonnie-and-clyde/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Depression 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arithmetic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oswald-veblen-and-the-jordan-curve-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Veblen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-american-to-walk-in-space-edward-white/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hubertus-strughold-the-father-of-space-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Intelligence_Corps_(United_States_Army) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Bricklin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philippe-pinel-the-father-of-modern-psychiatry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-furtwaengler-and-photographic-archeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-rumseys-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Test 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/valentin-glushko-and-the-space-race/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pliny-the-elder-and-the-destruction-of-pompeii/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_(Pliny) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamma_ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrochloric_acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/space-invaders/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_game_console 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-morland-and-his-calculator-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/at-the-beginning-was-a-bet-georg-friedrich-grotefend-and-the-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latent_heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explosion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerald-hawkins-and-the-secret-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteoroid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reaumur-and-the-reaumur-temperature-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Study 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/doug-engelbart-and-the-computer-mouse/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphical_user_interface 
http://blog.yovisto.com/learning-and-motivation-according-to-clark-leonard-hull/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-simon-pallas-a-pioneer-in-zoography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amerigo-vespucci-and-the-new-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contract 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Hahn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-cavendish-and-the-weight-of-the-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printed_circuit_board 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aristarchus-of-samos-and-the-heliocentric-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristarchus_of_Samos 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rosalind-franklin-and-the-beauty-of-the-dna-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-e-byrd-jr-aviator-and-polar-explorer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_instructor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-w-alderson-and-the-crash-test-dummies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_collision 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmmaking 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunschweig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-a-sancta-clara-very-eccentric-but-popular/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallurgy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-steno-and-the-principles-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflection_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Maria_Grimaldi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-diary-of-anne-frank/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Domenico_Cassini 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linear_regression 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerbert-of-aurillac-and-the-popularization-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arithmetic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Vincent-de-Paul,_Landes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed 
http://blog.yovisto.com/deodat-de-dolomieu-and-the-love-for-rocks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Physical_Journal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipschitz_continuity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolph-von-knigge-and-human-relations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-wely-between-pure-mathematics-and-theoretical-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coriolis_effect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_air_balloon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-ortelius-and-the-theatrum-orbis-terrarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-whipple-and-the-dirty-snowballs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-von-klenze-and-the-greek-revival-style/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regensburg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-legend-of-bonnie-and-clyde/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Kapitsa 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARPANET 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-boole-the-founder-of-modern-logics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Boole 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behistun_Inscription 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acetic_acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/well-i-didnt-know-it-was-hard-happy-birthday-ivan-sutherland/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/omar-khayyam-mathematics-and-poetry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrija-mohorovicic-and-the-mohorovicic-discontinuity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acceleration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodrome 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-hadamard-and-the-description-of-mathematical-thought/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hermite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fitch-and-the-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personality 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-nightingale-the-lady-with-the-lamp/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-midgley-jr-and-the-development-of-leaded-fuel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internal_combustion_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Curie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-leonard-woolley-and-the-excavations-in-ur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anna-atkins-botanist-and-photographer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/twice-the-speed-of-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algorithm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-lindbergh-and-his-spirit-of-st-louis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potential_energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_circuit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-budd-and-the-infectious-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_debris 
http://blog.yovisto.com/werner-forssmann-and-the-dangerous-self-experiment-in-cardiac-catheterization/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-wyville-thomson-and-the-challenger-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heilsbronn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-faulds-and-the-fingerprints/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Galton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dont-panic-remembering-douglas-adams/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellular_automaton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraphy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnus_A 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_River_(Western_Australia) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomson,_1st_Baron_Kelvin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dichotomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lawrence-of-arabia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/count-ferdinand-von-zeppelin-and-his-rigid-dirigible-airships/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-roger-penrose-and-the-singularity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Beltrami 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spandau 
http://blog.yovisto.com/brook-taylor-forerunner-of-differential-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-weddell-and-the-southern-ocean/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/deodat-de-dolomieu-and-the-love-for-rocks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Millner_Shackleton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-locke-and-the-social-contract/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-mossbauer-and-the-mossbauer-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/metropolis-a-cinematic-vision-of-technology-and-fear/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-muir-and-the-u-s-national-park-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Ontario 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Green 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerbert-of-aurillac-and-the-popularization-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviatrix-amy-johnson-and-the-flight-to-australia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Ivanenko 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-james-audubons-birds-of-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Region 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrei-sakharov-and-the-soviet-thermonuclear-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Tamm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-broughton-suspension-bridge-and-the-resonance-disaster/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/max-wertheim-and-gestalt-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optical_illusion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isaac-singer-and-the-sewing-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-w-taylor-the-first-management-consultant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_hole 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-clement-sabine-and-architectural-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breslau,_Ontario 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convection 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Economic_Journal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-james-audubons-birds-of-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hubertus-strughold-the-father-of-space-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacetime 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-johnson-and-his-famous-dictionary/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-steel-of-sir-henry-bessemer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecommunication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-achard-and-the-sugar-beet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-cook-and-the-great-barrier-reef/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-mesmer-mesmerism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edvard-munch-and-the-munch-affair/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wilkins-and-the-universal-language/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Copernicus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Faraday 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cylinder_(geometry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herostratus-burns-the-temple-of-artemis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagia_Sophia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reservoir 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transport 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravitation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-wyville-thomson-and-the-challenger-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hutton_Balfour 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon-on-Thames 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Charles 
http://blog.yovisto.com/learning-and-motivation-according-to-clark-leonard-hull/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/b-f-skinner-and-radical-behaviorism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geodesy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-henry-sullivan-the-father-of-the-skyscaper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/doug-engelbart-and-the-computer-mouse/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-tito-space-tourist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Space_Station 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setbacks 
http://blog.yovisto.com/betamax-and-the-video-format-wars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analog_signal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddington 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vichy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/November 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-achard-and-the-sugar-beet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/let-us-calculate-the-last-universal-academic-gottfried-wilhelm-leibniz/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/brook-taylor-forerunner-of-differential-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bernoulli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/life-and-legend-of-frederick-barbarossa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byzantine_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grace-hopper-and-the-programming-languages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compiler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-novels-of-thomas-hardy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-hudsons-voyages-in-north-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svalbard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-moore-irelands-national-bard/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-harvard-university/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_College 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercomputer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-gottfried-galle-and-planet-neptune/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwarf_planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacetime 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-lippisch-and-the-delta-wing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-gottfried-galle-and-planet-neptune/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/umberto-eco-and-the-name-of-the-rose/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comte-de-buffon-and-his-histoire-naturelle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Lamarck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rembert-dodoens-and-the-love-for-botanical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/etienne-de-condillac-and-the-importance-of-language-in-logical-reasoning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaugency 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/billy-wilder-and-hollywoods-golden-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-steno-and-the-principles-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victorian-art-love-and-poetry-elizabeth-barret-browning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_recognition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendulum_clock 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rosalind-franklin-and-the-beauty-of-the-dna-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Franklin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_type 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dont-be-evil-google-celebrates-its-14th-birthday/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_computing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomson,_1st_Baron_Kelvin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-bolzano-and-the-theory-of-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Menger 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-paul-rubens-and-the-baroque-extravaganza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrochemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflex 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermometer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Hans_D._Jensen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-richet-anaphylaxis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biochemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-wyville-thomson-and-the-challenger-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Forbes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-gregory-and-the-gregorian-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflecting_telescope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrostatics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acetylene 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/November 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-love-affairs-of-george-sand/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-murray-and-the-oceanography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dependent_and_independent_variables 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internal_combustion_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-cohen-and-the-first-computer-virus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellular_automaton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-frederick-gowland-hopkins-and-the-discovery-of-vitamins/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dollond-and-the-achromatic-lenses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_translation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Engineers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/USS_Enterprise_(NCC-1701) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-jacobi-and-the-elliptic-functions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien-Marie_Legendre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leopold-auenbrugger-and-diagnosis-by-percussion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg_Chronicle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-was-born-free-and-he-is-everywhere-in-chains-jean-jacques-rousseau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustin-louis-cauchy-and-the-rigor-of-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines 
http://blog.yovisto.com/deodat-de-dolomieu-and-the-love-for-rocks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerald-hawkins-and-the-secret-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_(journal) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-kahn-and-the-mensch-maschine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-leuckart-and-the-tapeworm/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Virchow 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-von-parsevals-airships/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augsburg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thailand 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hooke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith 
http://blog.yovisto.com/narinder-singh-kapany-the-father-of-fiber-optics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narinder_Singh_Kapany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-draper-and-his-passion-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperlink 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid-state_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frame_rate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-leonard-woolley-and-the-excavations-in-ur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustav_Jacob_Jacobi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-harvard-university/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coaching 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-withering-and-digitalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-mead-and-the-understanding-of-transmissible-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronze 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Issues 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-furtwaengler-and-photographic-archeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herostratus-burns-the-temple-of-artemis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Column 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-green-and-his-record-balloon-flight/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchy_of_Nassau 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-morland-and-his-calculator-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydraulics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-furtwaengler-and-photographic-archeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaspard-bauhin-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloroform 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nogent-le-Rotrou 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_reactor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jaccuse-emile-zola-and-the-dreyfus-affaire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_exploration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobolsk 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelard_of_Bath 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reaumur-and-the-reaumur-temperature-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-mackenzie-and-the-study-of-cardiac-arrhythmias/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-von-krafft-ebing-and-deviant-sexual-behaviour/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_history 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-frederick-gowland-hopkins-and-the-discovery-of-vitamins/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-the-ptolemaic-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-planetary-tables-of-erasmus-reinhold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Reinhold 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-von-neumann-game-theory-and-the-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intensity_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Wilhelm_Claus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-nipkow-and-the-picture-scanning-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/DVD 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-pennant-zoologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herk-de-Stad 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slide_rule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Wright 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refrigeration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Router_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metapontum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hispania 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analytic_geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Brioschi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_disorder 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finite_set 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/traian-vuias-flight-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-wyville-thomson-and-the-challenger-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foot_(unit) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_model 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tebbutt-and-the-great-comet-of-1861/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-the-pope-divided-the-new-world-among-spain-and-the-rest-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lombardy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-weddell-and-the-southern-ocean/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-barlow-and-the-barlow-lenses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_Academy,_Woolwich 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Barlow 
http://blog.yovisto.com/viking-1-and-the-mission-to-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloroform 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-siegfried-albinus-and-his-anatomic-works/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraphy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_element 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-love-affairs-of-george-sand/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nohant-Vic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-von-klenze-and-the-greek-revival-style/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Victor_Appleton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-shannon-father-of-information-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-lemaitre-and-the-big-bang-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-hofstadter-and-controlled-nuclear-fission/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willemite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-travels-of-william-dampier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Roebuck_(1690) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basis_(linear_algebra) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-cornelius-shoots-the-very-first-selfie/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-murray-and-the-oceanography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Comrie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Term_(logic) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Minnesota 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cecilia-payne-gaposchkin-and-the-composition-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fabian-von-bellingshausen-and-the-discovery-of-antarctica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negative_(photography) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_wiring 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/baltasar-gracian-and-the-art-of-wisdom/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Tzu 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-muir-and-the-u-s-national-park-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Lorenz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-curie-and-the-radioactivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_decay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunou-sur-Orne 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-was-born-free-and-he-is-everywhere-in-chains-jean-jacques-rousseau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_(journal) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cecilia-payne-gaposchkin-and-the-composition-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-m-w-turner-romantic-preface-to-impressionism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelbert_Cuyp 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relational_database 
http://blog.yovisto.com/virginia-woolf-and-the-birth-of-modern-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Landau 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkio_College 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deflection_(engineering) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Curie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-mead-and-the-understanding-of-transmissible-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stitching_awl 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-s-kuhn-and-the-structure-of-scientific-revolutions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francois-viete-and-his-new-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectroscopy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-joachim-rheticus-achievements-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Copernicus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/howard-h-aiken-and-the-harvarad-mark-i/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_motor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workshop 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-frobenius-and-german-ethnography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainforest 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isaac-singer-and-the-sewing-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittstown,_New_York 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_(element) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Lavoisier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junee 
http://blog.yovisto.com/willy-ley-founder-of-the-german-rocket-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-culpeper-and-the-complete-herbs-of-england/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Culpeper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oswald-veblen-and-the-jordan-curve-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical_instrument 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-weizenbaum-and-his-famous-eliza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-frederick-gowland-hopkins-and-the-discovery-of-vitamins/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventures-of-karl-may/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnetou 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_computing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diameter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niccolo-paganini-the-devils-violinist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-faulds-and-the-fingerprints/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantwich 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/virginia-woolf-and-the-birth-of-modern-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Room_of_One's_Own 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflection_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avignon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herostratus-burns-the-temple-of-artemis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-clement-sabine-and-architectural-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herge-and-the-adventures-of-tintin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-withering-and-digitalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hooke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-rashomon-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutrino 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendulum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-heinrich-von-maedler-and-the-first-accurate-map-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikimedia_Foundation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cecilia-payne-gaposchkin-and-the-composition-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booster_(rocketry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetic_resonance_imaging 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-e-douglass-and-the-dendrochronology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate_change 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concentration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-whymper-and-the-matterhorn/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zermatt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/donald-knuth-and-the-art-of-programming/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainframe_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menu_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dont-panic-remembering-douglas-adams/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Email 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviatrix-amy-johnson-and-the-flight-to-australia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hooke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-fitzroy-from-darwins-famous-voyage-to-meteorology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_forecasting 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflecting_telescope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-gabor-and-his-holographic-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/count-ferdinand-von-zeppelin-and-his-rigid-dirigible-airships/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lzip 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-simmel-first-generation-sociologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erving_Goffman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exponentiation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fabian-von-bellingshausen-and-the-discovery-of-antarctica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distributed_computing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-muir-and-the-u-s-national-park-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflection_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_capacity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-louis-davids-history-paintings/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personality 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-the-uranus-moons-ariel-and-umbriel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triton_(moon) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/diophantos-of-alexandria-the-father-of-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Particle_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oswald-veblen-and-the-jordan-curve-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Bragg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-sydney-harbour-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Australian 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/November 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-hevelius-and-his-selenographia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_1 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conservation_law 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Berry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-hutton-the-father-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-richet-anaphylaxis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Richet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-steno-and-the-principles-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle_contraction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-von-krafft-ebing-and-deviant-sexual-behaviour/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-beaumont-and-the-human-digestion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beaumont 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_of_light 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victor-franz-hess-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Positron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_End 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathode_ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/laurens-hammond-and-the-hammond-organ/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-leonard-woolley-and-the-excavations-in-ur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niccolo-paganini-the-devils-violinist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Lucca 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Hevelius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oswald-veblen-and-the-jordan-curve-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_field 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vortex 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philo-taylor-farnsworth-and-the-electronic-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dollond-and-the-achromatic-lenses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-planetary-tables-of-erasmus-reinhold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Lobachevsky 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Nebraska 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallelogram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=740 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/let-us-calculate-the-last-universal-academic-gottfried-wilhelm-leibniz/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Condorcet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-prygogine-and-the-role-of-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telephone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Column 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-love-affairs-of-george-sand/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerolamo-cardano-and-the-mathematics-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probability_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodolite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Lothar_Meyer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austrian_Armed_Forces 
http://blog.yovisto.com/you-press-the-button-and-we-do-the-rest-george-eastman-revolutionized-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dr-joseph-lister-and-the-use-of-carbolic-acid-as-disinfectant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operations_research 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyridon_Marinatos 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Copernicus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-ortelius-and-the-theatrum-orbis-terrarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-murray-and-the-oceanography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wyville_Thomson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freiberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/encore-un-moment-the-life-of-madame-du-barry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Tufail 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/User_interface 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partial_pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frits_Zernike 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anemometer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_Quest 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-steel-of-sir-henry-bessemer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manganese 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-last-lecture-of-randy-pausch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Mellon_Silicon_Valley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artillery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_(military) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subset 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-oberths-dream-of-space-travel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anders-jonas-angstrom-and-the-science-of-spectroscopy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectroscopy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Armstrong 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_(singer) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/surely-youre-joking-mr-feynman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marius-and-the-battle-of-the-raudine-plain/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_cavalry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amerigo-vespucci-and-the-new-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-last-lecture-of-randy-pausch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_game 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainframe_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-joseph-rouget-de-lisle-and-the-marseillaise/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_circuit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-lindbergh-and-his-spirit-of-st-louis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_pilot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/valentin-glushko-and-the-space-race/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/werner-forssmann-and-the-dangerous-self-experiment-in-cardiac-catheterization/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Forssmann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpheus_Spring_Packard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_quantity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Hevelius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Clairaut 
http://blog.yovisto.com/life-and-legend-of-frederick-barbarossa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lombardy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-oberths-dream-of-space-travel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overlay_Control 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-mitchell-and-the-comets/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-nipkow-and-the-picture-scanning-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_von_Ardenne 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edvard-munch-and-the-munch-affair/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravitation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Lazarus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collaborationism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guillaume-postel-and-the-triadic-unity-of-the-soul/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-of-lyonel-feininger/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wassily_Kandinsky 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-henry-sullivan-the-father-of-the-skyscaper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lennard-Jones 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-pennant-zoologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARPANET 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pliny-the-elder-and-the-destruction-of-pompeii/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Martin_(painter) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anders-celsius-and-the-celsius-scale-of-temperature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-paperts-logo-programming-language/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/virginia-woolf-and-the-birth-of-modern-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scissors 
http://blog.yovisto.com/learning-and-motivation-according-to-clark-leonard-hull/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrophysics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-joachim-rheticus-achievements-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgundy_wine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/laurens-hammond-and-the-hammond-organ/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Excel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cart 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_8 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vivant-denon-and-the-science-of-egyptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Poussin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/donald-knuth-and-the-art-of-programming/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-douglas-and-the-douglas-fir/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/on-the-road-with-alexander-von-humboldt/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lee-de-forest-and-the-audion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmitter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-von-klenze-and-the-greek-revival-style/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-joachim-rheticus-achievements-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_Kovalevskaya 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dependent_and_independent_variables 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=261 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Kirchhoff 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tycho-brahe-the-man-with-the-golden-nose/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Life 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Correlation_and_dependence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House 
http://blog.yovisto.com/intel-4004-the-worlds-first-microprocessor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random-access_memory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainframe_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviatrix-amy-johnson-and-the-flight-to-australia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowborough 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthesizer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-nicollet-and-the-upper-mississippi-river/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jane-goodall-and-the-chimpanzees/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-mead-and-the-understanding-of-transmissible-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-faulds-and-the-fingerprints/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_(journal) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrational_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-joseph-minard-and-the-art-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operating_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/selma-lagerloef-and-the-wonderful-adventures-of-niels-holgersson/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/constantine-and-the-battle-at-the-milvian-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vom-science-slam-zur-bestsellerliste/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rede,_Suffolk 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galvanic_cell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercomputer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-kahn-and-the-mensch-maschine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/on-the-road-with-alexander-von-humboldt/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hideo-shima-and-the-bullet-train/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-expeditions-of-john-wesley-powell/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanab_Creek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-thomas-newton-and-the-mausoleum-of-halicarnassus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Thomas_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-schlegel-and-his-shakespeare-translations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Plays 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ettore-bugatti-and-the-most-beautiful-cars-in-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_industry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Allen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-fromm-and-the-frankfurt-school-of-critical-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Fromm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-midgley-jr-and-the-development-of-leaded-fuel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_industry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerald-hawkins-and-the-secret-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-siegfried-albinus-and-his-anatomic-works/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-stumpp-the-werewolf-of-bedburg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedburg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-gabor-and-his-holographic-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlsruhe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/viking-1-and-the-mission-to-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_3 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-victor-poncelet-and-projective-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boolean_algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bruno-rossi-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Baily 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minute 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einstein_field_equations 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=614 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ray-dolby-noise-reduction-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Prandtl 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlstadt_am_Main 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marcel-breuer-master-of-modernism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-novels-of-thomas-hardy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Nunes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aristarchus-of-samos-and-the-heliocentric-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipparchus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lee-de-forest-and-the-audion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ambrose_Fleming 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-lippisch-and-the-delta-wing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-bernoulli-and-the-bernoulli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-murray-and-the-oceanography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Tait_(physicist) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/julius-richard-petri-and-the-petri-dish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-passionate-life-of-charlotte-bronte/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Baptist_van_Helmont 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-richet-anaphylaxis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physiology_or_Medicine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Willis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-gottfried-galle-and-planet-neptune/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Gottlob_Werner 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum_tube 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Landau 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-steel-of-sir-henry-bessemer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-oberths-dream-of-space-travel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Studies 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hazel-bishop-and-the-long-lasting-lipstick/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biochemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victor-franz-hess-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmitter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inductive_reasoning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-dimensional_space 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/igor-sikorsky-and-the-helicopter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burma 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-von-parsevals-airships/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anders-celsius-and-the-celsius-scale-of-temperature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Nicolas_Delisle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-foundation-of-the-academy-of-motion-picture-arts-and-sciences/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Years 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Fester 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Born 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internal_combustion_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-saccheri-and-his-problems-with-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prototype 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food 
http://blog.yovisto.com/at-the-beginning-was-a-bet-georg-friedrich-grotefend-and-the-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basis_(linear_algebra) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaspard-bauhin-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-love-affairs-of-george-sand/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oswald-veblen-and-the-jordan-curve-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_access 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amerigo-vespucci-and-the-new-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-von-krafft-ebing-and-deviant-sexual-behaviour/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-von-krafft-ebing-and-deviant-sexual-behaviour/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_disorder 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluminium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/count-ferdinand-von-zeppelin-and-his-rigid-dirigible-airships/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_(process) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pablo-picassos-guernica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_(business) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-joseph-sylvester-lawyer-and-mathematician/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christiaan-huygens-and-the-pocket-watch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Lavoisier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Volta 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-james-audubons-birds-of-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-hevelius-and-his-selenographia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-gabor-and-his-holographic-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dr-joseph-lister-and-the-use-of-carbolic-acid-as-disinfectant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-e-douglass-and-the-dendrochronology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_Colours 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_collision 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Priestley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canon_law 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-curie-and-the-radioactivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Becquerel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-art-of-suspense-alfred-hitchcocks-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-bernoulli-and-the-bernoulli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fermat's_Last_Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signal_(electrical_engineering) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustav-fechner-and-psychophysics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intensity_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-planetary-tables-of-erasmus-reinhold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-speed-and-his-famous-maps/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sassanid_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-draper-and-his-passion-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Shackleton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Particle_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_(Katie_Melua_album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-mann-and-the-mann-family/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Particle_accelerator 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elizabeth-montagu-and-the-bluestocking-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-victor-horsley-a-pioneer-in-neural-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bug-that-wasnt-really-a-bug-computer-pioneer-grace-murray-hopper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-level_programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-sabin-preparing-the-ground-for-women-in-medical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_(education) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/von-knobbelsdorff-and-the-sanssouci-palace/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-of-dr-seuss/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomical_object 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._R._Licklider 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Processor_register 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mikhail-tsvet-the-father-of-chromatography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chromatography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cecilia-payne-gaposchkin-and-the-composition-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrophysics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeboat_(shipboard) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-life-and-work-of-philippe-de-la-hire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_(particle) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-lawrence-and-the-cyclotron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radionuclide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecommunication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-jacobi-and-the-elliptic-functions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Morgenstern 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_charge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/brook-taylor-forerunner-of-differential-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Cotes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heike_Kamerlingh_Onnes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spam-rules-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malware 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decision_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodolite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-siegfried-albinus-and-his-anatomic-works/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-german-reinheitsgebot/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerald-hawkins-and-the-secret-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Lockyer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_air_balloon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-broughton-suspension-bridge-and-the-resonance-disaster/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visible_spectrum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=148 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Semmelweis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendulum_clock 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-simmel-first-generation-sociologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Weber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Units_of_measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ottmar-mergenthaler-a-second-gutenberg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-m-w-turner-romantic-preface-to-impressionism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-carey-merrick-the-elefant-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Region 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/life-and-legend-of-frederick-barbarossa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_von_Liebig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Ritchie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipbuilding 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Papert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_locomotive 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philippe-pinel-the-father-of-modern-psychiatry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Archibald_Wheeler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isaac-singer-and-the-sewing-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_motor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-travels-of-william-dampier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hubertus-strughold-the-father-of-space-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luftwaffe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diameter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marcel-breuer-master-of-modernism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Breuer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmy_Noether 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitemans_Green 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joshua-slocum-and-his-first-single-handed-sail-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_mate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-douglas-and-the-douglas-fir/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tebbutt-and-the-great-comet-of-1861/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria-Hungary 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/July 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anders-celsius-and-the-celsius-scale-of-temperature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Celsius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/julius-richard-petri-and-the-petri-dish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dye 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operations_research 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Norris_Russell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-cohen-and-the-first-computer-virus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Particle_accelerator 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worms,_Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freiberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-william-elgars-pomp-and-circumstances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomical_object 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/howard-h-aiken-and-the-harvarad-mark-i/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Watt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Bernoulli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-gregory-and-the-gregorian-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-cohen-and-the-first-computer-virus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/life-and-legend-of-frederick-barbarossa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/June 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convection 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_VIC-20 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-bayle-forerunner-of-the-age-of-enlightenment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-makepeace-thackerays-deft-skewering-of-human-foibles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ulugh-beg-astronomer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isotope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Initiation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Innsbruck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Air_Corps 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dirac 
http://blog.yovisto.com/albert-von-koelliker-and-the-origins-of-embriology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leopold-auenbrugger-and-diagnosis-by-percussion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Auenbrugger 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Kirchhoff 
http://blog.yovisto.com/at-the-beginning-was-a-bet-georg-friedrich-grotefend-and-the-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Column 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-lind-and-a-cure-for-scurvy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauerkraut 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anders-jonas-angstrom-and-the-science-of-spectroscopy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-draper-and-his-passion-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comin-thro-the-rye-j-d-salinger-and-his-famous-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Depression 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-ledley-and-the-computer-tomograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-weizenbaum-and-his-famous-eliza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_intelligence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diophantine_equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-hoffmann-and-aspirin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_substance 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-higinbotham-and-tennis-for-two/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/othniel-charles-marsh-and-the-great-bone-wars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_14 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Hodgkin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Least_squares 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metric_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computational_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grace-hopper-and-the-programming-languages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_H._Aiken 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-de-broglie-and-wave-nature-of-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuterium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-rumseys-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alcuin-of-york-and-the-carolingian-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northumbria 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operating_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graph_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassy,_Yonne 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interference_(wave_propagation) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucrose 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpolation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-fitzroy-from-darwins-famous-voyage-to-meteorology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamanca_(locomotive) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-oberths-dream-of-space-travel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viscosity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-de-broglie-and-wave-nature-of-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/othniel-charles-marsh-and-the-great-bone-wars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-walpole-and-the-rise-of-the-gothic-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jaccuse-emile-zola-and-the-dreyfus-affaire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-life-and-work-of-philippe-de-la-hire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartesian_coordinate_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtight_(G.I._Joe) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherenkov_radiation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-bayle-forerunner-of-the-age-of-enlightenment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-travels-of-william-dampier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spam-rules-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_service_provider 
http://blog.yovisto.com/twice-the-speed-of-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_tunnel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_source 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vom-science-slam-zur-bestsellerliste/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetzt_Anders! 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mercer-and-the-cotton-mercerisation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-mead-and-the-understanding-of-transmissible-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mead 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Biot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_motor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maarten-schmidt-and-the-quasars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Oort 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-love-affairs-of-george-sand/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecommunication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-oberths-dream-of-space-travel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethanol 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-iffland-and-the-iffland-ring/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_(geometry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deformation_(mechanics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Rucker 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kepler's_laws_of_planetary_motion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-last-lecture-of-randy-pausch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-rudolf-glauber-the-first-chemical-engineer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/let-us-calculate-the-last-universal-academic-gottfried-wilhelm-leibniz/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernier_scale 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perpignan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-pac-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partial_differential_equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum_tube 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basis_(linear_algebra) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-james-audubons-birds-of-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/valentin-glushko-and-the-space-race/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amos-eaton-and-the-science-of-education/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graph_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-beaumont-and-the-human-digestion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrochloric_acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-von-opel-and-the-rocket-car/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_industry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/June 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothea-erxleben-germanys-first-female-medical-doctor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmaceutics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacecraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomsbury 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Overseas_Territories 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Russell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railroad_car 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Holweck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacecraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/willy-ley-founder-of-the-german-rocket-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_exploration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-newcomen-and-the-steam-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Boole 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-parkinson-and-parkinsons-disease/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakin'_Stevens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-level_programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comin-thro-the-rye-j-d-salinger-and-his-famous-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/beaumarchais-and-figaros-wedding/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elasticity_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-love-affairs-of-george-sand/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobacco_smoking 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unix 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newburn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Martin_Charcot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Proust 
http://blog.yovisto.com/albert-von-koelliker-and-the-origins-of-embriology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bainbridge,_North_Yorkshire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-parsons-and-his-large-telescopes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Kernighan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Kensington 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-maria-lancisi-and-his-medical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Maria_Lancisi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral_water 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reaching-the-edge-of-outer-space-the-x-15-experimental-rocket-plane/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Armstrong 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-lord-avebury/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hayden-geological-survey-and-the-yellowstone-national-park/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wheeler_(explorer) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Company 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-passionate-life-of-charlotte-bronte/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerbert-of-aurillac-and-the-popularization-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decimal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bettina-von-arnim-and-the-romantic-eras-zeitgeist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exception_handling 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaspard-bauhin-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Basel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Mendeleev 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liff,_Angus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-love-affairs-of-george-sand/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whigfield 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Medal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-a-sancta-clara-very-eccentric-but-popular/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/2001-a-space-odyssey/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_intelligence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookhaven_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approximation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthesizer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=886 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-poetry-of-walt-whitman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaves_of_Grass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-francis-drakes-discovery-of-nova-albion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-american-to-walk-in-space-edward-white/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fen_Ditton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_(waves) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voting 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-herschel-a-pioneer-in-celestial-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_network 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ohm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Lindemann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-heinrich-von-maedler-and-the-first-accurate-map-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Suess 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionization 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuterium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-conversational-eloquence-of-madame-de-stael/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Boy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marius-and-the-battle-of-the-raudine-plain/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hayden-geological-survey-and-the-yellowstone-national-park/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_King 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_(optics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Medical_Academy_(Serbia) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristarchus_of_Samos 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prediction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sample_(statistics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Louis_Berthollet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rosalind-franklin-and-the-beauty-of-the-dna-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notting_Hill 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-pupin-and-the-long-distance-phone-calls/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stereophonic_sound 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-joachim-becher-and-the-phlogiston-theory-of-combustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giambattista-vico-and-the-scienza-nuova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_substance 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Control 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamsey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miesbach 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-lemaitre-and-the-big-bang-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-peltier-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-legend-of-bonnie-and-clyde/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-travels-of-william-dampier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_limit_theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/God 
http://blog.yovisto.com/yamamoto-tsunetomo-and-the-way-of-the-samurai/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rosalind-franklin-and-the-beauty-of-the-dna-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_George_Wreyford_Norrish 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsace-Lorraine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/surely-youre-joking-mr-feynman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framework_(office_suite) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/othniel-charles-marsh-and-the-great-bone-wars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Baran 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-sallust/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-passionate-life-of-charlotte-bronte/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_(novel) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walt-disneys-steamboat-willie-and-the-rise-of-mickey-mouse/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microphone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antonio-bosio-and-the-rediscovery-of-the-roman-catacombs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juergen-habermas-and-communicative-rationality/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Structural_Transformation_of_the_Public_Sphere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrous_oxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Harriot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Array_data_structure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abu-mashar-al-balkhi-the-prince-of-astrologers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-newcomen-and-the-steam-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_beta_decay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-de-broglie-and-wave-nature-of-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Broglie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/at-the-beginning-was-a-bet-georg-friedrich-grotefend-and-the-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_2 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-bayle-forerunner-of-the-age-of-enlightenment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optical_aberration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emanuel-schikaneder-and-his-famous-librettos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calorimetry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-marx-and-the-capital/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Production_(economics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-cavendish-and-the-weight-of-the-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-victor-poncelet-and-projective-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Victor_Poncelet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_element 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hall_Gladstone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-lister-and-the-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optical_microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_history 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-nicollet-and-the-upper-mississippi-river/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_Wing_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodrome 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-makepeace-thackerays-deft-skewering-of-human-foibles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser_printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-lane-fox-pitt-rivers-the-father-of-british-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-chladni-the-father-of-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dont-panic-remembering-douglas-adams/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herodotus-the-father-of-history/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byzantine_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semiconductor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-frobenius-and-german-ethnography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herbert-a-simon-and-the-science-of-decision-making/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Rashevsky 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Minsky 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Silesian_Voivodeship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analytical_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_substance 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-green-and-his-record-balloon-flight/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-de-moivre-and-the-doctrine-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-steno-and-the-principles-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sophie-germain-and-the-chladni-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventures-of-karl-may/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Poitiers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-lind-and-a-cure-for-scurvy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Week 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ettore-bugatti-and-the-most-beautiful-cars-in-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transistor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustin-louis-cauchy-and-the-rigor-of-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/etienne-de-condillac-and-the-importance-of-language-in-logical-reasoning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-nicollet-and-the-upper-mississippi-river/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-e-byrd-jr-aviator-and-polar-explorer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giambattista-vico-and-the-scienza-nuova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-wely-between-pure-mathematics-and-theoretical-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustin-louis-cauchy-and-the-rigor-of-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/igor-sikorsky-and-the-helicopter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluminium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-mann-and-the-mann-family/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-pissaro-and-the-impressionistic-art-movement/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste-Camille_Corot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulfuric_acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-hofstadter-and-controlled-nuclear-fission/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucleon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Basov 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-speed-and-his-famous-maps/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-lemery-and-the-acid-base-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/at-the-beginning-was-a-bet-georg-friedrich-grotefend-and-the-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_Posen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computational_complexity_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_vapor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/barbara-mcclintock-and-cytogenetics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physiology_or_Medicine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-ledley-and-the-computer-tomograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ledley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-ehrlich-and-the-chemotherapy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ehrlich 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-boole-the-founder-of-modern-logics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_set 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_network 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riemann_surface 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravitation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-weddell-and-the-southern-ocean/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Curie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerald-hawkins-and-the-secret-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegean_Region 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallax 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacecraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-rashomon-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/denis-papin-and-the-pressure-cooker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitenay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/virginia-woolf-and-the-birth-of-modern-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/evangeliste-torricelli-and-the-barometer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-steno-and-the-principles-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-e-byrd-jr-aviator-and-polar-explorer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedburgh_Grammar_School 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rosalind-franklin-and-the-beauty-of-the-dna-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Wilkins 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullerene 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuterium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-parkinson-and-parkinsons-disease/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-whipple-and-the-dirty-snowballs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/etienne-de-condillac-and-the-importance-of-language-in-logical-reasoning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/let-us-calculate-the-last-universal-academic-gottfried-wilhelm-leibniz/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stochastic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied-occupied_Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_(geometry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Sun 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schutzstaffel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-klecks-rorschach-and-his-eponymous-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Rorschach 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-iffland-and-the-iffland-ring/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casting_(performing_arts) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophy-of-ludwig-wittgenstein/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/max-wertheim-and-gestalt-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perception 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_reactor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-hagenbeck-and-the-modern-zoo/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-cavendish-and-the-weight-of-the-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_difference 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_station 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locomotive 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scalability 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barometer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signal_Corps_(United_States_Army) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moisture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amusing-ourselves-to-death-by-neil-postman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Jung 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_direction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semiconductor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/omar-khayyam-mathematics-and-poetry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-wolf-and-the-sunspots/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-rudolf-glauber-the-first-chemical-engineer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_(chemistry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_current 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_French_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-peter-medawar-the-father-of-transplantation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Medawar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/austerlitz-the-battle-of-the-three-emperors/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-battista-morgagni-and-the-science-of-anatomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bologna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Louis_de_Lacaille 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/well-i-didnt-know-it-was-hard-happy-birthday-ivan-sutherland/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Sutherland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyester 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isaac-singer-and-the-sewing-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_College 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-nicollet-and-the-upper-mississippi-river/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Croix_River_(Nova_Scotia) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehicle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-speed-and-his-famous-maps/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-hoffmann-and-aspirin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/willy-ley-founder-of-the-german-rocket-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momentum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interplanetary_magnetic_field 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-boris-chain-and-his-research-on-antibiotics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmonic_function 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-achard-and-the-sugar-beet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Karl_Achard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Morison 
http://blog.yovisto.com/howard-h-aiken-and-the-harvarad-mark-i/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_IB 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collision 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_theater 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grote_Reber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niels-ryberg-finsen-and-the-phototherapy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hubertus-strughold-the-father-of-space-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_V 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-life-and-work-of-philippe-de-la-hire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveying 
http://blog.yovisto.com/although-i-cannot-prove-it-the-famous-goldbach-conjecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_New_York_(EP) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adiabatic_process 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-von-neumann-game-theory-and-the-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-hudsons-voyages-in-north-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victorian-art-love-and-poetry-elizabeth-barret-browning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lifetime 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_University_of_Leuven 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-bayle-forerunner-of-the-age-of-enlightenment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/you-press-the-button-and-we-do-the-rest-george-eastman-revolutionized-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-clement-sabine-and-architectural-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-legend-of-bonnie-and-clyde/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/max-wertheim-and-gestalt-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Koffka 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_hardening 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jethro-tull-and-the-agricultural-revolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Hometown 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._J._Thomson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-lind-and-a-cure-for-scurvy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Cowan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Physical_Journal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-stumpp-the-werewolf-of-bedburg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thread_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rectangle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hero-of-mushroom-kingdom-turns-27-super-mario/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zelda 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-lind-and-a-cure-for-scurvy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulfuric_acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Grant_Aitken 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimney 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-e-byrd-jr-aviator-and-polar-explorer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mercer-and-the-cotton-mercerisation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pablo-picassos-guernica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luftwaffe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diophantine_equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-ray-and-the-art-of-photograms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combinatorics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_capacity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personality 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscillation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Depression 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anders-jonas-angstrom-and-the-science-of-spectroscopy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_at_Geneseo 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cornelis-drebbel-and-the-first-navigatable-submarine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_Drebbel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geodesy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser_printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-boris-chain-and-his-research-on-antibiotics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emanuel-schikaneder-and-his-famous-librettos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-w-alderson-and-the-crash-test-dummies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_iron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fitch-and-the-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_spectrometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-ledley-and-the-computer-tomograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Hounsfield 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Bernoulli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-henry-sullivan-the-father-of-the-skyscaper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-midgley-jr-and-the-development-of-leaded-fuel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/virginia-woolf-and-the-birth-of-modern-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lorenz-and-the-chaos-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oliver-sacks-and-his-literary-case-studies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakenings_(book) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/doug-engelbart-and-the-computer-mouse/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouse_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cullen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Production_(economics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distributed_computing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Tamm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Baptist_van_Helmont 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hierarchy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=799 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Faraday 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-herschel-a-pioneer-in-celestial-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/beaumarchais-and-figaros-wedding/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_version 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-binet-and-the-intelligence-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_(journal) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-budd-and-the-infectious-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-unfortunate-inventions-of-charles-cros/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-the-uranus-moons-ariel-and-umbriel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberon_(moon) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systems_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallurgy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_School_(Virginia) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Guericke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Priestley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerald-hawkins-and-the-secret-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-of-lyonel-feininger/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-lister-and-the-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontefract 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_the_Apostle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austro-Hungarian_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victor-franz-hess-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/August 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lawrence-of-arabia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/August 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-hoffmann-and-aspirin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_disorder 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/donald-knuth-and-the-art-of-programming/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundial 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-hofstadter-and-controlled-nuclear-fission/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminosity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramjet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voronezh_State_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-johnson-and-his-famous-dictionary/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuesday_(film) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=616 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmy_Noether 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Wertheimer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-mossbauer-and-the-mossbauer-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_von_Ardenne 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-pulitzer-prize/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Bayard_Swope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/July 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wilkins-and-the-universal-language/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Wren 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Pat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-rudolf-glauber-the-first-chemical-engineer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_compound 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-charon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/doctor-who/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-legend-of-bonnie-and-clyde/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveillance 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/God 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ambroise-pare-renaissance-pioneer-in-surgical-techniques/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/2001-a-space-odyssey/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/avicenna-and-the-islamic-golden-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thales-of-miletus-possibly-the-father-of-greek-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-mead-and-the-understanding-of-transmissible-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-iffland-and-the-iffland-ring/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Saxony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Term_(logic) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_terminal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/max-wertheim-and-gestalt-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_intelligence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Curie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tractatus_Logico-Philosophicus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-lippisch-and-the-delta-wing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/max-wertheim-and-gestalt-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-lawrence-and-the-cyclotron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-moore-irelands-national-bard/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-legend-of-bonnie-and-clyde/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammunition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-midgley-jr-and-the-development-of-leaded-fuel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-e-douglass-and-the-dendrochronology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._E._Douglass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cylinder_(geometry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-whipple-and-the-dirty-snowballs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amos-eaton-and-the-science-of-education/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-ortelius-and-the-theatrum-orbis-terrarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_(duchy) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kew 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anders-celsius-and-the-celsius-scale-of-temperature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-hutton-the-father-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sophie-germain-and-the-chladni-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lorenz-and-the-chaos-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-lippisch-and-the-delta-wing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Tempelhof_Airport 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_description 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-budd-and-the-infectious-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_supply 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giambattista-vico-and-the-scienza-nuova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complexity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ulugh-beg-astronomer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maarten-schmidt-and-the-quasars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Thoughts 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-leakey-and-the-human-evolutionary-development-in-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Debye 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barometer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-novels-of-thomas-hardy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mayor_of_Casterbridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Hevelius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-marx-and-the-capital/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgius_Agricola 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amos-eaton-and-the-science-of-education/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compact_Cassette 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Evans 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryazan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-von-neumann-game-theory-and-the-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-friedmann-and-the-expanding-universe/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernoulli_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Franklin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approximation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuthbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-lawrence-and-the-cyclotron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perspective_(visual) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alphonse-bertillons-anthropometric-identification-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biometrics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_vessel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_water 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Engelbart 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_chess 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerbert-of-aurillac-and-the-popularization-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourier_transform 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rembert-dodoens-and-the-love-for-botanical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camillo-golgi-and-the-golgi-apparatus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron_microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lee-de-forest-and-the-audion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Receiver_(radio) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-pupin-and-the-long-distance-phone-calls/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihajlo_Pupin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Armstrong 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joshua-slocum-and-his-first-single-handed-sail-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_chronometer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-frobenius-and-german-ethnography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_collision 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boolean_algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rosalind-franklin-and-the-beauty-of-the-dna-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/evangeliste-torricelli-and-the-barometer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaise_Pascal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electromagnetic_radiation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-jacobi-and-the-elliptic-functions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jule-gregory-charney-and-the-weather-prediction/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_forecasting 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giambattista-vico-and-the-scienza-nuova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclidean_vector 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-heinrich-von-maedler-and-the-first-accurate-map-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tebbutt-and-the-great-comet-of-1861/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combinatorics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-frederick-gowland-hopkins-and-the-discovery-of-vitamins/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevenson_(toxicologist) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspension_(chemistry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_von_Laue 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hayden-geological-survey-and-the-yellowstone-national-park/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasma_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-rashomon-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plot_(narrative) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-marx-and-the-capital/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/intel-4004-the-worlds-first-microprocessor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transistor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slide_rule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/world-digital-library/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/diophantos-of-alexandria-the-father-of-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-weddell-and-the-southern-ocean/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Indies_Federation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallurgy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/williamina-stevens-fleming-and-her-achievements-in-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-simon-pallas-a-pioneer-in-zoography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Pallas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-cavendish-and-the-weight-of-the-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Cowan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/do-you-speak-polish-or-maybe-reverse-polish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-barlow-and-the-barlow-lenses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-ledley-and-the-computer-tomograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_fracture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victorian-art-love-and-poetry-elizabeth-barret-browning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-beckmann-invented-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/space-invaders/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microcomputer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probability_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eniac-the-first-computer-introduced-into-public/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Vincent_Atanasoff 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philippe-pinel-the-father-of-modern-psychiatry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/constantine-and-the-battle-at-the-milvian-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Sommerfeld 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-bautista-de-anza-and-the-route-to-san-francisco-bay/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altar_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-butler-yeats-and-modern-english-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amerigo-vespucci-and-the-new-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-lord-avebury/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dollond-and-the-achromatic-lenses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physiology_or_Medicine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-paul-rubens-and-the-baroque-extravaganza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-moore-irelands-national-bard/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-prygogine-and-the-role-of-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-of-lyonel-feininger/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/life-and-legend-of-frederick-barbarossa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-level_programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bit_rate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-hodgekin-a-pioneer-in-preventive-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-marx-and-the-capital/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Lilienthal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desertion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/June 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Receiver_(radio) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-farman-and-his-achievements-in-aircraft-design/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probability_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud 
http://blog.yovisto.com/barbara-mcclintock-and-cytogenetics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=737 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Eddington 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphical_user_interface 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-hadamard-and-the-description-of-mathematical-thought/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-travels-of-william-dampier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-s-kuhn-and-the-structure-of-scientific-revolutions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Fletcher 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sophie-germain-and-the-chladni-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscillation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-joseph-rouget-de-lisle-and-the-marseillaise/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-sallust/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Henry_Greathead 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-francis-drakes-discovery-of-nova-albion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Kozhin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cylinder_(engine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-hevelius-and-his-selenographia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_matter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stephanie-kwolek-and-the-bullet-proof-vests/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herodotus-the-father-of-history/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permutation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_von_Baeyer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellipsoid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adhesive 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-pennant-zoologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Man_(song) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cylinder_(geometry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-w-alderson-and-the-crash-test-dummies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Robert_Oppenheimer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Window 
http://blog.yovisto.com/traian-vuias-flight-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_motor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_cell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Kirchhoff 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrei-sakharov-and-the-soviet-thermonuclear-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Peace_Prize 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leopold-auenbrugger-and-diagnosis-by-percussion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_van_Swieten 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-german-reinheitsgebot/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tebbutt-and-the-great-comet-of-1861/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_exploration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_field 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-paul-rubens-and-the-baroque-extravaganza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrational_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Request_(Juju_album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wire_rope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abu-mashar-al-balkhi-the-prince-of-astrologers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_(military) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hector-berlioz-and-the-symphonie-fantastique/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_rubber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-klecks-rorschach-and-his-eponymous-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Burgundy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-douglas-and-the-douglas-fir/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-tito-space-tourist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mir 
http://blog.yovisto.com/diophantos-of-alexandria-the-father-of-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-ehrlich-and-the-chemotherapy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Koch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbonic_acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Differential_geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviatrix-amy-johnson-and-the-flight-to-australia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/July 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consistency 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_power 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-barlow-and-the-barlow-lenses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pebbles_(series) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-leonard-woolley-and-the-excavations-in-ur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-johnson-and-his-famous-dictionary/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Depression 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autopilot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmy_Noether 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-w-taylor-the-first-management-consultant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammunition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-mackenzie-and-the-study-of-cardiac-arrhythmias/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subroutine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algorithm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/count-ferdinand-von-zeppelin-and-his-rigid-dirigible-airships/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intensity_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-carey-merrick-the-elefant-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Composite_material 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_tunnel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_type 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_reactor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-pupin-and-the-long-distance-phone-calls/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-victor-poncelet-and-projective-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complex_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_vapor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-travels-of-william-dampier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diffraction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-james-audubons-birds-of-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Domingue 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-weizenbaum-and-his-famous-eliza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pygmalion_(play) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamma_ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_engineer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Prout 
http://blog.yovisto.com/doctor-who/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-leuckart-and-the-tapeworm/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/brook-taylor-forerunner-of-differential-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermometer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/laurens-hammond-and-the-hammond-organ/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octave 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eadweard-muybridge-and-the-photography-of-motion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Receiver_(radio) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophy-of-ludwig-wittgenstein/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bug-that-wasnt-really-a-bug-computer-pioneer-grace-murray-hopper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_program 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stephanie-kwolek-and-the-bullet-proof-vests/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-draper-and-his-passion-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cylinder_(geometry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/.properties 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-simon-pallas-a-pioneer-in-zoography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Simon_Pallas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun 
http://blog.yovisto.com/intel-4004-the-worlds-first-microprocessor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-pissaro-and-the-impressionistic-art-movement/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_landing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edvard-munch-and-the-munch-affair/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid-propellant_rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermanshah 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamagnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Line_(soundtrack) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-draper-and-his-passion-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collision 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_decay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victor-franz-hess-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_Downs 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_galaxy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_learning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-chladni-the-father-of-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boolean_algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consistency 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipbuilding 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_College_of_Physicians 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-saccheri-and-his-problems-with-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-pulitzer-prize/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University_Graduate_School_of_Journalism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victorian-art-love-and-poetry-elizabeth-barret-browning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Process_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Fliess 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_(biology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-hodgekin-a-pioneer-in-preventive-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_(military) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-leuckart-and-the-tapeworm/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refrigeration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=919 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artillery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mary-the-jewess-and-the-origins-of-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democritus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-hoffmann-and-aspirin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-the-uranus-moons-ariel-and-umbriel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ascanio-sobrero-and-the-power-of-nitroglycerine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulfuric_acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numerical_analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-heinrich-von-maedler-and-the-first-accurate-map-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eratosthenes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Oort 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_element 
http://blog.yovisto.com/beaumarchais-and-figaros-wedding/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-last-lecture-of-randy-pausch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/YouTube 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hales 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-gottfried-galle-and-planet-neptune/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbain_Le_Verrier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vortex 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comte-de-buffon-and-his-histoire-naturelle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dont-panic-remembering-douglas-adams/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ira-remsen-and-saccharin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_Remsen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-newcomen-and-the-steam-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workers_(Gong_Ren) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-paris-salon-des-refuses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Jongkind 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-cohen-and-the-first-computer-virus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_testing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-von-neumann-game-theory-and-the-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/yamamoto-tsunetomo-and-the-way-of-the-samurai/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isotope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-conversational-eloquence-of-madame-de-stael/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rocca 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-w-alderson-and-the-crash-test-dummies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_motor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_(Paris) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marcel-breuer-master-of-modernism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-leonard-woolley-and-the-excavations-in-ur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_element 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hieronymus-fabricius-the-father-of-embryology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazarus_of_Bethany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-mitchell-and-the-comets/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maarten-schmidt-and-the-quasars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abstract_(summary) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrija-mohorovicic-and-the-mohorovicic-discontinuity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Thompson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Hinksey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/traian-vuias-flight-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-bolzano-and-the-theory-of-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_consequence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_14 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_recognition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Dancoff 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Lavoisier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentience 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistical_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lead 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Chadwick 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-american-to-walk-in-space-edward-white/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Particle_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien-Marie_Legendre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-douglas-and-the-douglas-fir/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippolyte_Fizeau 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_variable 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-friedmann-and-the-expanding-universe/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_(Bloc_Party_album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-lawrence-and-the-cyclotron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Livermore_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/SLAC_National_Accelerator_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-bolzano-and-the-theory-of-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraction_of_petroleum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Trotter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-nipkow-and-the-picture-scanning-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien-Marie_Legendre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-sabin-preparing-the-ground-for-women-in-medical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-whipple-and-the-dirty-snowballs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortran 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-butler-yeats-and-modern-english-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Club 
http://blog.yovisto.com/surely-youre-joking-mr-feynman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-braid-gentleman-scientist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Braid_(surgeon) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-lawrence-and-the-cyclotron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Particle_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-parsons-and-his-large-telescopes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aperture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrea-cesalpino-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Vesalius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fabian-von-bellingshausen-and-the-discovery-of-antarctica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lise_Meitner 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stream 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-expeditions-of-john-wesley-powell/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-gottfried-galle-and-planet-neptune/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Louis_d'Arrest 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/let-us-calculate-the-last-universal-academic-gottfried-wilhelm-leibniz/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basis_(linear_algebra) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effects_unit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/willy-ley-founder-of-the-german-rocket-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dr-joseph-lister-and-the-use-of-carbolic-acid-as-disinfectant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/July 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chassis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partial_pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tycho-brahe-the-man-with-the-golden-nose/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coefficient 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenue 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Nishina 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maxim-gorky-and-the-socialist-realism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anaximander-and-the-milesian-school-of-philosophy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaximander 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marcel-breuer-master-of-modernism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-makepeace-thackerays-deft-skewering-of-human-foibles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_criticism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-ray-and-the-art-of-photograms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Bate_Tichenor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_1 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-american-to-walk-in-space-edward-white/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voskhod_2 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mozarts-don-giovanni/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herostratus-burns-the-temple-of-artemis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black 
http://blog.yovisto.com/willy-ley-founder-of-the-german-rocket-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/House 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_de_Laval 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-schlegel-and-his-shakespeare-translations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approach_(album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROM_cartridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Bernoulli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryazan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/doctor-who/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hazel-bishop-and-the-long-lasting-lipstick/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-lindbergh-and-his-spirit-of-st-louis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_St._Louis_(book) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-cook-and-the-great-barrier-reef/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauerkraut 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_College_of_New_York 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainframe_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-the-uranus-moons-ariel-and-umbriel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titania_(moon) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetic_moment 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-life-and-work-of-philippe-de-la-hire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Road 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-boris-chain-and-his-research-on-antibiotics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-kruckenbergs-schienenzeppelin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amerigo-vespucci-and-the-new-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyages_of_Christopher_Columbus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artillery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-nipkow-and-the-picture-scanning-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_current 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrochemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-joseph-minard-and-the-art-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_network 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-lapworth-and-the-ordovician-period/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-bernoulli-and-the-bernoulli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juergen-habermas-and-communicative-rationality/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Weber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Zwicky 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_metric_space 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_probe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphical_user_interface 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shetland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dislocation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-nipkow-and-the-picture-scanning-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/brook-taylor-forerunner-of-differential-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamagnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-brounckers-approximation-of-pi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Brouncker,_2nd_Viscount_Brouncker 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Prokhorov 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Born 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bologna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amos-eaton-and-the-science-of-education/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sergei-winogradsky-and-the-science-of-bacteriology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=792 http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceShipOne 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Turin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravitation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/search/label/Bernhard%20Riemann http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/doug-engelbart-and-the-computer-mouse/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Engelbart 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-lister-and-the-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lister,_1st_Baron_Lister 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecular_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Evans 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-victor-horsley-a-pioneer-in-neural-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Horsley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_conductor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_access 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-lord-avebury/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/yamamoto-tsunetomo-and-the-way-of-the-samurai/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionosphere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_de_Jussieu 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-leuckart-and-the-tapeworm/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/deodat-de-dolomieu-and-the-love-for-rocks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/let-us-calculate-the-last-universal-academic-gottfried-wilhelm-leibniz/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Composite_material 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hubertus-strughold-the-father-of-space-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-joseph-rouget-de-lisle-and-the-marseillaise/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colmar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-leonard-woolley-and-the-excavations-in-ur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveying 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Colony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sophie-germain-and-the-chladni-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Germain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-wolf-and-the-sunspots/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graph_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-weizenbaum-and-his-famous-eliza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyroscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Hahn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-cohen-and-the-first-computer-virus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Adleman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-was-born-free-and-he-is-everywhere-in-chains-jean-jacques-rousseau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diffraction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astley-paston-cooper-a-pioneer-in-experimental-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_vessel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/beaumarchais-and-figaros-wedding/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-saccheri-and-his-problems-with-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Ceva 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_game 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cornelis-drebbel-and-the-first-navigatable-submarine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woven_fabric 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rosalind-franklin-and-the-beauty-of-the-dna-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustin-louis-cauchy-and-the-rigor-of-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Leuckart 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Receiver_(radio) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coligny,_Ain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerald-hawkins-and-the-secret-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sergei-winogradsky-and-the-science-of-bacteriology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Winogradsky 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlsruhe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/meet-sue-the-dinosaur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeep 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-klecks-rorschach-and-his-eponymous-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personality 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-planetary-tables-of-erasmus-reinhold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geocentric_model 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transistor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isaac-singer-and-the-sewing-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-simon-pallas-a-pioneer-in-zoography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ottmar-mergenthaler-a-second-gutenberg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ettore-bugatti-and-the-most-beautiful-cars-in-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Record_producer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ambroise-pare-renaissance-pioneer-in-surgical-techniques/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Vesalius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diffraction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_probe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-ferdinand-von-mueller-government-botanist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/God 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-gabor-and-his-holographic-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ettore-bugatti-and-the-most-beautiful-cars-in-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prediction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerguelen_Islands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jane-goodall-and-the-chimpanzees/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ockhams-razor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Million_Years 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/encore-un-moment-the-life-of-madame-du-barry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-mann-and-the-mann-family/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1815_Philadelphia_train_accident 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_substance 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidore_Geoffroy_Saint-Hilaire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-stumpp-the-werewolf-of-bedburg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_decay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-life-and-work-of-philippe-de-la-hire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valence_(chemistry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-weddell-and-the-southern-ocean/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipbuilding 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herostratus-burns-the-temple-of-artemis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fabian-von-bellingshausen-and-the-discovery-of-antarctica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Russian_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-frederick-gowland-hopkins-and-the-discovery-of-vitamins/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-steel-of-sir-henry-bessemer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rectangle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Uhlenbeck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-siegfried-albinus-and-his-anatomic-works/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collaborationism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramagnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-boole-the-founder-of-modern-logics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-rudolf-glauber-the-first-chemical-engineer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_substance 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_decay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-lemery-and-the-acid-base-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operations_research 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stephanie-kwolek-and-the-bullet-proof-vests/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-victor-horsley-a-pioneer-in-neural-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dependent_and_independent_variables 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intensity_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-achard-and-the-sugar-beet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-higinbotham-and-tennis-for-two/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookhaven_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/encore-un-moment-the-life-of-madame-du-barry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_(region) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/albrecht-von-haller-father-of-modern-physiology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hayden-geological-survey-and-the-yellowstone-national-park/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/July 
http://blog.yovisto.com/metropolis-a-cinematic-vision-of-technology-and-fear/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spam-rules-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARPANET 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-conversational-eloquence-of-madame-de-stael/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/do-you-speak-polish-or-maybe-reverse-polish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comin-thro-the-rye-j-d-salinger-and-his-famous-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_air_balloon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-speed-and-his-famous-maps/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveying 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Jung 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/count-ferdinand-von-zeppelin-and-his-rigid-dirigible-airships/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-furtwaengler-and-photographic-archeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_of_Aphaea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sergei-winogradsky-and-the-science-of-bacteriology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/June 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-hodgekin-a-pioneer-in-preventive-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentonville 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialectic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-cavendish-and-the-weight-of-the-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cavendish 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_probe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pliny-the-elder-and-the-destruction-of-pompeii/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomical_object 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probability_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boolean_algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasma_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microcomputer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_(military) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/werner-forssmann-and-the-dangerous-self-experiment-in-cardiac-catheterization/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unix 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-m-w-turner-romantic-preface-to-impressionism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Poussin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-ortelius-and-the-theatrum-orbis-terrarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-bernoulli-and-the-bernoulli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Debye 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hazel-bishop-and-the-long-lasting-lipstick/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-james-lick-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refracting_telescope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/caspar-monge-and-the-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/omar-khayyam-mathematics-and-poetry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-gregory-and-the-gregorian-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hooke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortification 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-wyville-thomson-and-the-challenger-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Hadamard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravitation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hayden-geological-survey-and-the-yellowstone-national-park/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_Territory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Kronig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herostratus-burns-the-temple-of-artemis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bunsen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_High_School_(Toledo,_Ohio) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-hofstadter-and-controlled-nuclear-fission/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_law 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food 
http://blog.yovisto.com/traian-vuias-flight-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Lilienthal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrija-mohorovicic-and-the-mohorovicic-discontinuity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-von-opel-and-the-rocket-car/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student's_t-test 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Fleet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-frederick-gowland-hopkins-and-the-discovery-of-vitamins/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-murray-and-the-oceanography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Betti 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parabola 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dr-joseph-lister-and-the-use-of-carbolic-acid-as-disinfectant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Semmelweis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_11 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-de-moivre-and-the-doctrine-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_de_Moivre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroboscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaster 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-rondolphe-perronet-and-the-bridges-of-paris/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ignaz-semmelweis-and-the-importance-of-washing-your-hands-as-a-doctor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Ritter_von_Hebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microform 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grimms-fairy-tales/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimms'_Fairy_Tales 
http://blog.yovisto.com/willy-ley-founder-of-the-german-rocket-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-draper-and-his-passion-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/willy-ley-founder-of-the-german-rocket-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probability_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stephanie-kwolek-and-the-bullet-proof-vests/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_1 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckfield 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-lippisch-and-the-delta-wing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/albrecht-von-haller-father-of-modern-physiology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-shannon-father-of-information-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-art-of-suspense-alfred-hitchcocks-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/julius-richard-petri-and-the-petri-dish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Koch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-lind-and-a-cure-for-scurvy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-curie-and-the-radioactivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/beaumarchais-and-figaros-wedding/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herbert-a-simon-and-the-science-of-decision-making/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_intelligence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/on-the-road-with-alexander-von-humboldt/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Lavoisier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Kovalevsky_(paleontologist) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-leakey-and-the-human-evolutionary-development-in-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Goodall 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-w-taylor-the-first-management-consultant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-wolf-and-the-sunspots/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerald-hawkins-and-the-secret-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manchester 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_game_console 
http://blog.yovisto.com/constantine-and-the-battle-at-the-milvian-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-say-and-his-love-for-beetles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Say 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Process_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-travels-of-william-dampier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bruno-rossi-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-curie-and-the-radioactivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_H._Aiken 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contest,_Mayenne 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_sheet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/orson-welles-citizen-kane/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-dancers-of-edgar-degas/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laundry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reckless-power-play-politics-niccolo-machiavelli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Basilisk_(H11) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hieronymus-fabricius-the-father-of-embryology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-lister-and-the-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-clement-sabine-and-architectural-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Clement_Sabine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Oughtred 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mercer-and-the-cotton-mercerisation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyeing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hayden-geological-survey-and-the-yellowstone-national-park/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowstone_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blast_furnace 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/salomon-august-andrees-arctic-balloon-expedition-of-1897/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svalbard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-stibitz-and-the-electromechanical-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boolean_algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-joseph-sylvester-lawyer-and-mathematician/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camillo-golgi-and-the-golgi-apparatus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-harvard-university/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biochemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustin-louis-cauchy-and-the-rigor-of-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(biology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Graham_Bell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bang 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-hevelius-and-his-selenographia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hieronymus-fabricius-the-father-of-embryology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-w-alderson-and-the-crash-test-dummies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-morland-and-his-calculator-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulhamstead 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-novels-of-thomas-hardy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maarten-schmidt-and-the-quasars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knidos 
http://blog.yovisto.com/max-wertheim-and-gestalt-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Wertheimer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sophie-germain-and-the-chladni-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/von-knobbelsdorff-and-the-sanssouci-palace/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sophie-germain-and-the-chladni-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-kruckenbergs-schienenzeppelin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/November 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_current 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-cohen-and-the-first-computer-virus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beta_particle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ejnar_Hertzsprung 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-hadamard-and-the-description-of-mathematical-thought/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Hadamard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-lemery-and-the-acid-base-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Tsiolkovsky 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_file 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capacitor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/deodat-de-dolomieu-and-the-love-for-rocks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_boat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maarten-schmidt-and-the-quasars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maarten_Schmidt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collaborationism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-poincare-the-last-universalist-of-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ignaz-semmelweis-and-the-importance-of-washing-your-hands-as-a-doctor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complexity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-parkinson-and-parkinsons-disease/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Martin_Charcot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-joachim-rheticus-achievements-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-william-elgars-pomp-and-circumstances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-conversational-eloquence-of-madame-de-stael/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ulugh-beg-astronomer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spreadsheet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-boris-chain-and-his-research-on-antibiotics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Abraham 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wilkins-and-the-universal-language/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metric_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortification 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-simon-pallas-a-pioneer-in-zoography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spreadsheet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron_microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leopold-auenbrugger-and-diagnosis-by-percussion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exponentiation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomical_object 
http://blog.yovisto.com/von-knobbelsdorff-and-the-sanssouci-palace/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-ledley-and-the-computer-tomograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Islands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Mayr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-arkwright-the-father-of-the-industrial-revolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ottmar-mergenthaler-a-second-gutenberg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Languedoc 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reckless-power-play-politics-niccolo-machiavelli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Curie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-s-kuhn-and-the-structure-of-scientific-revolutions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydraulic_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-boris-chain-and-his-research-on-antibiotics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Florey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaporization 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=88 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Lawrence_Whipple 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-peltier-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_conductor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_particle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-morton-and-the-ether-anesthesia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_hardware 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Abel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Snow_(physician) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/selma-lagerloef-and-the-wonderful-adventures-of-niels-holgersson/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Adventures_of_Nils 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Corsair 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-james-audubons-birds-of-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haiti 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pliny-the-elder-and-the-destruction-of-pompeii/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallurgy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electorate_of_Saxony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asymmetry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-paperts-logo-programming-language/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_graphics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abu-mashar-al-balkhi-the-prince-of-astrologers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arithmetic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Bosch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-parkinson-and-parkinsons-disease/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christiaan-huygens-and-the-pocket-watch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendulum_clock 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roger-cotes-and-newtons-principia-mathematica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Cotes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clark-ashton-smith-the-last-of-the-great-romantics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_cosmology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envelope_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmission_(mechanics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_hardware 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subroutine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-de-moivre-and-the-doctrine-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_limit_theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-dancers-of-edgar-degas/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-murder-of-august-von-kotzebue-and-the-supression-of-the-liberal-press/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exponential_function 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condamine_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algorithm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mercer-and-the-cotton-mercerisation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dye 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linear_particle_accelerator 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-rudolf-glauber-the-first-chemical-engineer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulfuric_acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ockhams-razor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-sabin-preparing-the-ground-for-women-in-medical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_vessel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/you-press-the-button-and-we-do-the-rest-george-eastman-revolutionized-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-pissaro-and-the-impressionistic-art-movement/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Thomas,_U.S._Virgin_Islands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christos_G._Doumas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Franck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-douglas-and-the-douglas-fir/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/denis-papin-and-the-pressure-cooker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-gabor-and-his-holographic-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rectangle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/virginia-woolf-and-the-birth-of-modern-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leopold-auenbrugger-and-diagnosis-by-percussion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybaris 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-joseph-minard-and-the-art-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Saint-Michel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Faraday 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-cornelius-shoots-the-very-first-selfie/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bug-that-wasnt-really-a-bug-computer-pioneer-grace-murray-hopper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camillo-golgi-and-the-golgi-apparatus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(biology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-kruckenbergs-schienenzeppelin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_transmission 
http://blog.yovisto.com/diophantos-of-alexandria-the-father-of-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsberg,_Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-rumseys-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-binet-and-the-intelligence-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Martin_Charcot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_learning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Copernicus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-lindbergh-and-his-spirit-of-st-louis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Vietnam 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ettore-bugatti-and-the-most-beautiful-cars-in-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prototype 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartesian_coordinate_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dollond-and-the-achromatic-lenses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum_tube 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-hoffmann-and-aspirin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdominal_pain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/virginia-woolf-and-the-birth-of-modern-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Mammals 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-hudsons-voyages-in-north-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estuary 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclidean_space 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complex_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomson,_1st_Baron_Kelvin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrophysics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joshua-slocum-and-his-first-single-handed-sail-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Copernicus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-moore-irelands-national-bard/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Dublin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_(business) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eadweard-muybridge-and-the-photography-of-motion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ira-remsen-and-saccharin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Island 
http://blog.yovisto.com/werner-forssmann-and-the-dangerous-self-experiment-in-cardiac-catheterization/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physiology_or_Medicine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_exploration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Watt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bechstein-and-his-famous-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stephanie-kwolek-and-the-bullet-proof-vests/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-joseph-sylvester-lawyer-and-mathematician/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markus_Fierz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-curtius-and-the-excavation-of-olympia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-stumpp-the-werewolf-of-bedburg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hubertus-strughold-the-father-of-space-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breslau,_Ontario 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-nightingale-the-lady-with-the-lamp/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-heinrich-von-maedler-and-the-first-accurate-map-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astrophysical_Journal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-lindbergh-and-his-spirit-of-st-louis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Beltrami 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrophysics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_shock 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon-fiber-reinforced_polymer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-hoffmann-and-aspirin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-rondolphe-perronet-and-the-bridges-of-paris/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-very-first-printed-book/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Dynasty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decision_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_resistivity_and_conductivity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmospheric_entry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrode 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_element 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-curie-and-the-radioactivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Curie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Positron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehicle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-parkinson-and-parkinsons-disease/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=210 http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._J._Thomson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmitter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-furtwaengler-and-photographic-archeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Schliemann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elasticity_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/apollo-17-the-last-men-on-the-moon-so-far/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/laurens-hammond-and-the-hammond-organ/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_circuit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-mackenzie-and-the-study-of-cardiac-arrhythmias/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/world-digital-library/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-lindbergh-and-his-spirit-of-st-louis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapters 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finite_element_method 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eadweard-muybridge-and-the-photography-of-motion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Rodin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-herschel-a-pioneer-in-celestial-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vannevar_Bush 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dewar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-mesmer-mesmerism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Laurent 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-murder-of-august-von-kotzebue-and-the-supression-of-the-liberal-press/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/albertus-magnus-and-the-merit-of-personal-observation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maxim-gorky-and-the-socialist-realism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-sabin-preparing-the-ground-for-women-in-medical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Sabin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niccolo-paganini-the-devils-violinist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ettore-bugatti-and-the-most-beautiful-cars-in-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-joseph-minard-and-the-art-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-dimensional_space 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypertext 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-battle-of-zama-and-hannibals-defeat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Republic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-dancers-of-edgar-degas/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-pissaro-and-the-impressionistic-art-movement/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Baekeland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bruno-rossi-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dont-be-evil-google-celebrates-its-14th-birthday/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Page 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-parkinson-and-parkinsons-disease/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_assist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observational_astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_processing_unit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Augustin_de_Coulomb 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amerigo-vespucci-and-the-new-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands_Antilles 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propositional_calculus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philippe-pinel-the-father-of-modern-psychiatry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_disorder 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleportation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spread_(food) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-lippisch-and-the-delta-wing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorcycle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acceleration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ascanio-sobrero-and-the-power-of-nitroglycerine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_von_Liebig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacetime 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspect_ratio_(image) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ignaz-semmelweis-and-the-importance-of-washing-your-hands-as-a-doctor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Semmelweis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-parsons-and-his-large-telescopes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflecting_telescope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pithiviers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christopher_Draper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workshop 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-herschel-a-pioneer-in-celestial-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elasticity_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-frederick-gowland-hopkins-and-the-discovery-of-vitamins/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-gottfried-galle-and-planet-neptune/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspect_ratio_(image) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Vincent_Atanasoff 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoichiometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leopold-auenbrugger-and-diagnosis-by-percussion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-diary-of-anne-frank/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_a_Young_Girl 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jule-gregory-charney-and-the-weather-prediction/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-cornelius-shoots-the-very-first-selfie/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallurgy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_(programming_language) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hayden-geological-survey-and-the-yellowstone-national-park/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Vandeveer_Hayden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-friedmann-and-the-expanding-universe/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roger-cotes-and-newtons-principia-mathematica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Domenico_Cassini 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Tinbergen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-leonard-woolley-and-the-excavations-in-ur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Object-oriented_programming 
http://blog.yovisto.com/denis-papin-and-the-pressure-cooker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_region,_France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Bragg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/werner-forssmann-and-the-dangerous-self-experiment-in-cardiac-catheterization/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Bernard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marthe-louise-vogt-and-the-neurotransmitters/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthe_Vogt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_(programming_language) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marius-and-the-battle-of-the-raudine-plain/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adige 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electromagnetic_radiation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-schlegel-and-his-shakespeare-translations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lodovico-ferrari-and-the-quartic-equations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubic_function 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-richet-anaphylaxis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-travels-of-william-dampier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bug-that-wasnt-really-a-bug-computer-pioneer-grace-murray-hopper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compiler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Biddell_Airy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ray-dolby-noise-reduction-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-klecks-rorschach-and-his-eponymous-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observational_astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-m-barrie-and-the-boy-who-wouldnt-grow-up/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-expeditions-of-john-wesley-powell/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comin-thro-the-rye-j-d-salinger-and-his-famous-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perspective_(visual) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-withering-and-digitalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-newcomen-and-the-steam-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipparchus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-victor-poncelet-and-projective-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-jacobi-and-the-elliptic-functions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-very-first-printed-book/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tang_Dynasty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouse_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-rashomon-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmmaking 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issues_(The_Saturdays_song) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-life-and-work-of-philippe-de-la-hire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_La_Hire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/intel-4004-the-worlds-first-microprocessor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read-only_memory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byte_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dollond-and-the-achromatic-lenses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-unfortunate-inventions-of-charles-cros/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraphy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-achard-and-the-sugar-beet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonne 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Wesleyan_College 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_(process) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electromagnetic_field 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Kapitsa 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ray-dolby-noise-reduction-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_collision 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-poincare-the-last-universalist-of-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partial_differential_equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-cavendish-and-the-weight-of-the-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraviolet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/world-digital-library/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lyell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/let-us-calculate-the-last-universal-academic-gottfried-wilhelm-leibniz/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comin-thro-the-rye-j-d-salinger-and-his-famous-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Trujillo 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instructions 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telephone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/learning-and-motivation-according-to-clark-leonard-hull/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amerigo-vespucci-and-the-new-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-cohen-and-the-first-computer-virus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Cohen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historical_Research 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-last-lecture-of-randy-pausch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Pausch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artillery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Production_(economics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirchehrenbach 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pablo-picassos-guernica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condor_Legion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakalpakstan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Free_State 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle_contraction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-beaumont-and-the-human-digestion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assembly_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/surely-youre-joking-mr-feynman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-level_programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amos-eaton-and-the-science-of-education/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-iffland-and-the-iffland-ring/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approach_(album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Sommerfeld 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen_sulfide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victorian-art-love-and-poetry-elizabeth-barret-browning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-de-coubertin-and-the-idea-of-the-olympic-games/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stephanie-kwolek-and-the-bullet-proof-vests/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Kwolek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmospheric_pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-parkinson-and-parkinsons-disease/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-gilbert-the-father-of-electrical-studies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-de-moivre-and-the-doctrine-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/on-the-road-with-alexander-von-humboldt/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jethro-tull-and-the-agricultural-revolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-pennant-zoologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/at-the-beginning-was-a-bet-georg-friedrich-grotefend-and-the-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/diophantos-of-alexandria-the-father-of-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-battle-of-zama-and-hannibals-defeat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hispania 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-mitchell-and-the-comets/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_common_divisor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-the-uranus-moons-ariel-and-umbriel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Dynasty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact_event 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amerigo-vespucci-and-the-new-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Freuchen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_engineer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-rashomon-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lawrence_Bragg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrei-sakharov-and-the-soviet-thermonuclear-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Teller 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_kinetics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-louis-davids-history-paintings/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deflection_(engineering) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pliny-the-elder-and-the-destruction-of-pompeii/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-joseph-minard-and-the-art-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probability_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roger-cotes-and-newtons-principia-mathematica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustav-fechner-and-psychophysics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stefan-banach-and-modern-function-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Hans_D._Jensen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-frederick-gowland-hopkins-and-the-discovery-of-vitamins/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biochemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dr-joseph-lister-and-the-use-of-carbolic-acid-as-disinfectant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/remembering-robert-moog-inventor-of-the-famous-moog-synthesizer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthesizer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observational_astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_power 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vom-science-slam-zur-bestsellerliste/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Airport 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bernoulli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bruno-rossi-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pierpont_Langley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_processing_unit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-simmel-first-generation-sociologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravitation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-murray-and-the-oceanography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Murray_(oceanographer) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/omar-khayyam-mathematics-and-poetry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-myserious-voynich-manuscript/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lepton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elementary_particle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_guitar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-murray-and-the-oceanography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcium_carbonate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-walpole-and-the-rise-of-the-gothic-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collector_(comics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-de-moivre-and-the-doctrine-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stirling_(mathematician) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hideo-shima-and-the-bullet-train/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/deodat-de-dolomieu-and-the-love-for-rocks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrochloric_acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole-Reine_Lepaute 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optical_illusion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/although-i-cannot-prove-it-the-famous-goldbach-conjecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-rashomon-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_version 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenhouse_gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARPANET 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-rudolf-glauber-the-first-chemical-engineer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyeing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amos-eaton-and-the-science-of-education/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-bautista-de-anza-and-the-route-to-san-francisco-bay/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Messier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Wren 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-romantic-music-of-robert-schumann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-basic-programming-language/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-oberths-dream-of-space-travel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun 
http://blog.yovisto.com/willy-ley-founder-of-the-german-rocket-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mikhail-tsvet-the-father-of-chromatography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ether 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-passionate-life-of-charlotte-bronte/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/do-you-speak-polish-or-maybe-reverse-polish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dr-joseph-lister-and-the-use-of-carbolic-acid-as-disinfectant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlorine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jane-goodall-and-the-chimpanzees/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species 
http://blog.yovisto.com/selma-lagerloef-and-the-wonderful-adventures-of-niels-holgersson/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goose 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Hamilton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-briggs-and-the-popularization-on-logarithms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnifying_glass 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graph_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anaximander-and-the-milesian-school-of-philosophy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eratosthenes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrophysics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-joseph-sylvester-lawyer-and-mathematician/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combinatorics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundial 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Imbrie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheet_metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-lemaitre-and-the-big-bang-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bang 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jane-goodall-and-the-chimpanzees/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joshua-slocum-and-his-first-single-handed-sail-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapolis_County,_Nova_Scotia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innsbruck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/max-wertheim-and-gestalt-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomson,_1st_Baron_Kelvin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victor-franz-hess-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilogram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-chladni-the-father-of-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hooke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/etienne-de-condillac-and-the-importance-of-language-in-logical-reasoning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacecraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_charge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-diary-of-anne-frank/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-de-coubertin-and-the-idea-of-the-olympic-games/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-conversational-eloquence-of-madame-de-stael/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/learning-and-motivation-according-to-clark-leonard-hull/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortran 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaximander 
http://blog.yovisto.com/avicenna-and-the-islamic-golden-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logarithm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-louis-davids-history-paintings/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-lane-fox-pitt-rivers-the-father-of-british-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_of_Chemical_Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-hamming-and-the-hamming-code/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/search/label/Robert%20Oppenheimer http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Robert_Oppenheimer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Committee 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staff_(military) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Cross_station 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclotron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-e-douglass-and-the-dendrochronology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Mendel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-nipkow-and-the-picture-scanning-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_Guinea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_bond 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothea-erxleben-germanys-first-female-medical-doctor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Erxleben 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrija-mohorovicic-and-the-mohorovicic-discontinuity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logarithm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arithmetic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetic_moment 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Persian_cuneiform 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antoine-cournot-and-the-mathematical-theory-of-economics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-schlegel-and-his-shakespeare-translations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geocentric_model 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solubility 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/remembering-robert-moog-inventor-of-the-famous-moog-synthesizer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_music 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furniture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustin-louis-cauchy-and-the-rigor-of-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverbank_Laboratories 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-lemery-and-the-acid-base-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Lemery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-clement-sabine-and-architectural-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/constantine-and-the-battle-at-the-milvian-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/viking-1-and-the-mission-to-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_probe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-american-to-walk-in-space-edward-white/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_4 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workshop 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-midgley-jr-and-the-development-of-leaded-fuel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Midgley,_Jr. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-von-opel-and-the-rocket-car/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lippisch_Ente 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/SN_1054 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Buckland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Turin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-binet-and-the-intelligence-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ray-dolby-noise-reduction-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prototype 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trajectory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Clerk_Maxwell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grace-hopper-and-the-programming-languages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-level_programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-higinbotham-and-tennis-for-two/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_game 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-german-reinheitsgebot/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-stirling-and-the-stirling-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-murray-and-the-oceanography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niccolo-paganini-the-devils-violinist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arithmetic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-victor-poncelet-and-projective-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Julien_Brianchon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-passionate-life-of-charlotte-bronte/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approach_(album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Giessen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oliver-sacks-and-his-literary-case-studies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Warwick 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-cornelius-shoots-the-very-first-selfie/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/laurens-hammond-and-the-hammond-organ/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_electronics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-clement-sabine-and-architectural-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stopwatch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustav-fechner-and-psychophysics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Orthodox_Church 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=411 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Virchow 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Ernst_Neumann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-leuckart-and-the-tapeworm/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Giessen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-rumseys-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grevenbroich 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ray-dolby-noise-reduction-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Overseas_Territories 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-ledley-and-the-computer-tomograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-lister-and-the-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Biddell_Airy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-de-broglie-and-wave-nature-of-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-nipkow-and-the-picture-scanning-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_(geometry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceflight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rembert-dodoens-and-the-love-for-botanical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/denis-papin-and-the-pressure-cooker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Papin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bruno-rossi-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Particle_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/viking-1-and-the-mission-to-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacecraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/howard-h-aiken-and-the-harvarad-mark-i/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-of-dr-seuss/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-mesmer-mesmerism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-faulds-and-the-fingerprints/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubble_Space_Telescope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minute 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_gear 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pencil 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giambattista-vico-and-the-scienza-nuova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Committee 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_locomotive 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/orson-welles-citizen-kane/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Foster_Kane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hippolyte-fizeau-and-the-speed-of-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aristarchus-of-samos-and-the-heliocentric-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geocentric_model 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallax 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-hevelius-and-his-selenographia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-steno-and-the-principles-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/on-the-road-with-alexander-von-humboldt/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_1 
http://blog.yovisto.com/search/label/Enrico%20Fermi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iodine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-lawrence-and-the-cyclotron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclotron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/surely-youre-joking-mr-feynman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_(person) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-penney-and-the-british-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._J._Thomson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railroad_car 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomical_object 
http://blog.yovisto.com/diophantos-of-alexandria-the-father-of-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coefficient 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucleon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-s-kuhn-and-the-structure-of-scientific-revolutions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-life-and-work-of-philippe-de-la-hire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reaumur-and-the-reaumur-temperature-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reaumur-and-the-reaumur-temperature-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Minding 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-withering-and-digitalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dr-joseph-lister-and-the-use-of-carbolic-acid-as-disinfectant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lister,_1st_Baron_Lister 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-beckmann-invented-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/August 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elementary_particle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclotron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien-Marie_Legendre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-shannon-father-of-information-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numerical_analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-hudsons-voyages-in-north-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Cray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/encore-un-moment-the-life-of-madame-du-barry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elasticity_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subroutine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-oberths-dream-of-space-travel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usa_(Germany) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_resistivity_and_conductivity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/intel-4004-the-worlds-first-microprocessor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_processing_unit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-von-neumann-game-theory-and-the-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.T._the_Extra-Terrestrial 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-draper-and-his-passion-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_B-52_Stratofortress 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prefaces 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_wheel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bang 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldavia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-de-moivre-and-the-doctrine-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complex_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railroad_car 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron_microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaspard-bauhin-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Belfast_Academical_Institution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-cody-and-the-first-flight-in-england/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-curie-and-the-radioactivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermochemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_industry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niccolo-paganini-the-devils-violinist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Garrett_(musician) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dendrite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-francis-drakes-discovery-of-nova-albion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-joachim-rheticus-achievements-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-achard-and-the-sugar-beet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Venn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herge-and-the-adventures-of-tintin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrija-mohorovicic-and-the-mohorovicic-discontinuity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Born 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-battle-of-valmy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact_event 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-tito-space-tourist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-paul-rubens-and-the-baroque-extravaganza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Projectile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_von_Hofmann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basis_(linear_algebra) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barometer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binary_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-locke-and-the-social-contract/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sponsor_(commercial) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holloway,_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decision_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lyman-spitzer-and-the-space-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-very-first-printed-book/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byzantine_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stefan-banach-and-modern-function-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Steinhaus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voronezh_Oblast 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_(color) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Fowke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-plays-of-george-bernard-shaw/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covent_Garden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-life-and-work-of-philippe-de-la-hire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/July 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-curie-and-the-radioactivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piezoelectricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_cell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mercer-and-the-cotton-mercerisation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-art-of-suspense-alfred-hitchcocks-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_compound 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walt-disneys-steamboat-willie-and-the-rise-of-mickey-mouse/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-speed-and-his-famous-maps/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farndon,_Cheshire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-ehrlich-and-the-chemotherapy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Theodor_von_Frerichs 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hazel-bishop-and-the-long-lasting-lipstick/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_intelligence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Depression 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kepler's_laws_of_planetary_motion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Academy_of_Sciences 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aristarchus-of-samos-and-the-heliocentric-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmslow 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1898_Georgia_hurricane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-frobenius-and-german-ethnography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Array_data_structure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selene 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_3 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soho 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/November 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-hofstadter-and-controlled-nuclear-fission/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-speed-and-his-famous-maps/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-von-neumann-game-theory-and-the-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Herschel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logarithm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Structured_programming 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francois-viete-and-his-new-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-mackenzie-and-the-study-of-cardiac-arrhythmias/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mackenzie_(cardiologist) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Donald 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-poincare-the-last-universalist-of-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_occupation_zone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-hadamard-and-the-description-of-mathematical-thought/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Differential_geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-schlegel-and-his-shakespeare-translations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romania 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/caspar-monge-and-the-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Differential_geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rembert-dodoens-and-the-love-for-botanical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecular_beam 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-charon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cecilia-payne-gaposchkin-and-the-composition-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giambattista-vico-and-the-scienza-nuova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_C 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Validity_(statistics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ottmar-mergenthaler-a-second-gutenberg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Critchfield 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arithmetic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Messier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-planetary-tables-of-erasmus-reinhold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Copernicus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-furtwaengler-and-photographic-archeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Overbeck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-passionate-life-of-charlotte-bronte/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirfield 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowsley_Hall 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-simmel-first-generation-sociologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-weddell-and-the-southern-ocean/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subgroup 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukekohe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-morland-and-his-calculator-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-braille-and-the-braille-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coupvray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antonio-stradivari-and-his-famous-strings/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodworking 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-cook-and-the-great-barrier-reef/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Islands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Tarde 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video 
http://blog.yovisto.com/barbara-mcclintock-and-cytogenetics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Mendel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observational_astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunzenhausen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrija-mohorovicic-and-the-mohorovicic-discontinuity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Mach 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-gottfried-galle-and-planet-neptune/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-mead-and-the-understanding-of-transmissible-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ascanio-sobrero-and-the-power-of-nitroglycerine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Turin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/albertus-magnus-and-the-merit-of-personal-observation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artillery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamic_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oswald-veblen-and-the-jordan-curve-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-curie-and-the-radioactivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Array_data_structure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Basel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-pennant-zoologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estate_(land) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-w-alderson-and-the-crash-test-dummies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ejection_seat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-sydenham-the-english-hipocrates/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ockhams-razor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niels-ryberg-finsen-and-the-phototherapy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-joachim-rheticus-achievements-for-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-parsons-and-his-large-telescopes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Dublin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Wren 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-hutton-the-father-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pieter-van-musschenbroek-and-the-leyden-jar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capacitor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/von-knobbelsdorff-and-the-sanssouci-palace/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-achard-and-the-sugar-beet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-s-kuhn-and-the-structure-of-scientific-revolutions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vom-science-slam-zur-bestsellerliste/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-jacobi-and-the-elliptic-functions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-pennant-zoologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/etienne-de-condillac-and-the-importance-of-language-in-logical-reasoning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-joseph-rouget-de-lisle-and-the-marseillaise/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_technology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventures-of-karl-may/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refraction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operations_research 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-oberths-dream-of-space-travel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-joseph-minard-and-the-art-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Joseph_Minard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointer_(computer_programming) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electromagnetic_radiation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teachers_College,_Columbia_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compiler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-francis-drakes-discovery-of-nova-albion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/November 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eigenvalues_and_eigenvectors 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_Defense 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustav-fechner-and-psychophysics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Monro_(tertius) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-brockden-brown/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-roger-penrose-and-the-singularity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_hole 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-belgen-and-the-sack-of-troy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Blegen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballistic_missile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rembert-dodoens-and-the-love-for-botanical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-briggs-and-the-popularization-on-logarithms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid-propellant_rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/laurens-hammond-and-the-hammond-organ/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Randall_(Fender) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_consequence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/let-us-calculate-the-last-universal-academic-gottfried-wilhelm-leibniz/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_La_Hire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furth_im_Wald 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Week 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diesel_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/on-the-road-with-alexander-von-humboldt/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinoco 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Display_device 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemma_(morphology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walt-disneys-steamboat-willie-and-the-rise-of-mickey-mouse/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_(nautical) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-german-reinheitsgebot/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehicle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-hadamard-and-the-description-of-mathematical-thought/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astley-paston-cooper-a-pioneer-in-experimental-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astley_Cooper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/God 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-poincare-the-last-universalist-of-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Paris 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecommunication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Object-oriented_programming 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-nicollet-and-the-upper-mississippi-river/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-gottfried-galle-and-planet-neptune/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Challis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-friedmann-and-the-expanding-universe/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apparent_magnitude 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-hevelius-and-his-selenographia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Hevelius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-curtius-and-the-excavation-of-olympia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerbert-of-aurillac-and-the-popularization-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diophantine_equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-boyle-the-sceptical-chemist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-american-to-walk-in-space-edward-white/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vostok_5 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acton_Green,_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reaumur-and-the-reaumur-temperature-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Celsius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/julius-richard-petri-and-the-petri-dish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/laurens-hammond-and-the-hammond-organ/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Idea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveying 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-travels-of-william-dampier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/julius-richard-petri-and-the-petri-dish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbohydrate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Born 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Fester 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Routh 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jane-goodall-and-the-chimpanzees/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-speed-and-his-famous-maps/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custom_House,_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prototype 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/do-you-speak-polish-or-maybe-reverse-polish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_processing_unit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-w-alderson-and-the-crash-test-dummies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_W._Alderson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Wren 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/omar-khayyam-mathematics-and-poetry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ignaz-semmelweis-and-the-importance-of-washing-your-hands-as-a-doctor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_music 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=693 http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Watt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_(trading_post) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finite_set 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennistoun 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-jacobi-and-the-elliptic-functions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustav_Jacob_Jacobi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niccolo-paganini-the-devils-violinist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-mandeville-and-the-fable-of-the-bees/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fable_of_the_Bees 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-tito-space-tourist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_exploration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-of-lyonel-feininger/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauhaus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/well-i-didnt-know-it-was-hard-happy-birthday-ivan-sutherland/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphical_user_interface 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-klecks-rorschach-and-his-eponymous-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student's_t-test 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_resistance_and_conductance 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-was-born-free-and-he-is-everywhere-in-chains-jean-jacques-rousseau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-harvard-university/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/billy-wilder-and-hollywoods-golden-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-hodgekin-a-pioneer-in-preventive-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preventive_Medicine_(journal) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorcycle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Sommerfeld 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustin-louis-cauchy-and-the-rigor-of-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hazel-bishop-and-the-long-lasting-lipstick/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-von-krafft-ebing-and-deviant-sexual-behaviour/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorer_3 
http://blog.yovisto.com/life-and-legend-of-frederick-barbarossa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approximation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kharkiv 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_3 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/life-and-legend-of-frederick-barbarossa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-unfortunate-inventions-of-charles-cros/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscillation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_intelligence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-baptiste-helmont-and-the-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubble_Space_Telescope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-curtius-and-the-excavation-of-olympia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Games 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analytical_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-peter-medawar-the-father-of-transplantation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physiology_or_Medicine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-rondolphe-perronet-and-the-bridges-of-paris/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Rodolphe_Perronet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-leuckart-and-the-tapeworm/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-faulds-and-the-fingerprints/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_developer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-conversational-eloquence-of-madame-de-stael/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Somme 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marcel-breuer-master-of-modernism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wassily_Chair 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-briggs-and-the-popularization-on-logarithms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Dublin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-tito-space-tourist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilshire_Associates 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Johnstone_Stoney 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophy-of-ludwig-wittgenstein/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideki_Yukawa 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dont-be-evil-google-celebrates-its-14th-birthday/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Website 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booster_(rocketry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-writer-should-not-allow-himself-to-be-turned-into-an-institution-jean-paul-sartre/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerald-hawkins-and-the-secret-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobalt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-broughton-suspension-bridge-and-the-resonance-disaster/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_(river) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-very-first-printed-book/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/valentin-glushko-and-the-space-race/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-lippisch-and-the-delta-wing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_University_of_Leuven 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/virginia-woolf-and-the-birth-of-modern-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Acts 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-weizenbaum-and-his-famous-eliza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Weizenbaum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pliny-the-elder-and-the-destruction-of-pompeii/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrei-sakharov-and-the-soviet-thermonuclear-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_rights 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-butler-yeats-and-modern-english-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statue 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_von_Laue 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-expeditions-of-john-wesley-powell/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-wankel-and-the-rotary-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wankel_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Time 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inflammation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maxim-gorky-and-the-socialist-realism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedekind_cut 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-say-and-his-love-for-beetles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Territory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_(chemist) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rembert-dodoens-and-the-love-for-botanical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_University_of_Leuven 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._R._Licklider 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-louis-davids-history-paintings/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruins 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prediction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schweinfurt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-ehrlich-and-the-chemotherapy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahachiro_Hata 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Thompson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physiology_or_Medicine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Nicolas_Delisle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-cook-and-the-great-barrier-reef/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcium_hydroxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattern_recognition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Lippmann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staff_(military) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bruno-rossi-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasma_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-wolf-and-the-sunspots/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_capacity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrophysics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_(Catholicism) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hieronymus-fabricius-the-father-of-embryology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_the_Apostle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-boris-chain-and-his-research-on-antibiotics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_engineer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-simmel-first-generation-sociologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tebbutt-and-the-great-comet-of-1861/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Lamarck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_material 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_constant 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_11 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Franklin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ether 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/encore-un-moment-the-life-of-madame-du-barry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potential_energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-charon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/spyridon-marinatos-and-the-discovery-of-akrotiri/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1929_Bahamas_hurricane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_planning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-lind-and-a-cure-for-scurvy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variable_star 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-barnack-the-father-of-35mm-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Record_producer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-siegfried-albinus-and-his-anatomic-works/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Sydney 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydraulics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-e-douglass-and-the-dendrochronology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_substance 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amusing-ourselves-to-death-by-neil-postman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compiler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-the-uranus-moons-ariel-and-umbriel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lassell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/virginia-woolf-and-the-birth-of-modern-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chadlington 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dirac 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Earth_(TV_series) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-joseph-sylvester-lawyer-and-mathematician/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-vetter-the-bubble-boy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-simmel-first-generation-sociologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philosophy_of_Money 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaspard-bauhin-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/learning-and-motivation-according-to-clark-leonard-hull/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-curtius-and-the-excavation-of-olympia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Curtius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furniture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_description 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comin-thro-the-rye-j-d-salinger-and-his-famous-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Kuiper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-council-of-constance-puts-an-end-to-the-three-pope-controversy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstanz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-cavendish-and-the-weight-of-the-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Lavoisier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Claudius_Loudon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-william-elgars-pomp-and-circumstances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many,_Moselle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joshua-slocum-and-his-first-single-handed-sail-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/on-the-road-with-alexander-von-humboldt/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Time_(Lifehouse_song) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(biology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val-de-Meuse 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-diary-of-anne-frank/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messe_Frankfurt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-german-reinheitsgebot/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/evangeliste-torricelli-and-the-barometer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlandic_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-withering-and-digitalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torbern_Bergman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herge-and-the-adventures-of-tintin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulfur_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-hagenbeck-and-the-modern-zoo/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustav-fechner-and-psychophysics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aage-niels-bohr-and-the-nuclear-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-murdock-enlights-the-19th-century/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-curtius-and-the-excavation-of-olympia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transit_(astronomy) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binary_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=724 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-de-coubertin-and-the-idea-of-the-olympic-games/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elena-lucrezia-cornaro-piscopia-phd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reckless-power-play-politics-niccolo-machiavelli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-rondolphe-perronet-and-the-bridges-of-paris/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Neuilly 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_(moon) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-last-safari-the-phenomenon-ernest-hemingway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operations_research 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maarten-schmidt-and-the-quasars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya 
http://blog.yovisto.com/b-f-skinner-and-radical-behaviorism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelling_salesman_problem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacecraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/space-invaders/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schleswig-Holstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-speed-and-his-famous-maps/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/at-the-beginning-was-a-bet-georg-friedrich-grotefend-and-the-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Saxony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giambattista-vico-and-the-scienza-nuova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Watt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-eagle-has-landed-the-first-man-on-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christiaan-huygens-and-the-pocket-watch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-frobenius-and-german-ethnography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romania 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_(geometry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philippe-pinel-the-father-of-modern-psychiatry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Pinel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pliny-the-elder-and-the-destruction-of-pompeii/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-klecks-rorschach-and-his-eponymous-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_formula 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-graunt-and-the-science-of-demography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Graunt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workshop 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Years 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-cavendish-and-the-weight-of-the-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-grade-german-aviation-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruck,_Upper_Bavaria 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prediction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herostratus-burns-the-temple-of-artemis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rectangle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herodotus-the-father-of-history/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurii 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consistency 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/beaumarchais-and-figaros-wedding/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Revolutionary_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-lindbergh-and-his-spirit-of-st-louis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignition_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_waste 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_von_Liebig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraphy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-james-audubons-birds-of-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/do-you-speak-polish-or-maybe-reverse-polish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latent_heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herodotus-the-father-of-history/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oswald-veblen-and-the-jordan-curve-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-werner-and-the-school-of-neptunism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niccolo-paganini-the-devils-violinist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-peltier-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopoldo_Nobili 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_hardware 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elevator 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envelope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Hund 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stephanie-kwolek-and-the-bullet-proof-vests/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=611 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_Church,_Putney 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bradley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-hadamard-and-the-description-of-mathematical-thought/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partial_differential_equation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-hamming-and-the-hamming-code/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamming_code 
http://blog.yovisto.com/betamax-and-the-video-format-wars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videotape 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-joachim-becher-and-the-phlogiston-theory-of-combustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-steno-and-the-principles-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hooke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Augustin_de_Coulomb 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-bolzano-and-the-theory-of-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-locke-and-the-social-contract/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-lane-fox-pitt-rivers-the-father-of-british-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-rumseys-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potomac_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niccolo-paganini-the-devils-violinist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince-Bishopric_of_Bamberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gender 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmission_(mechanics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Large_Magellanic_Cloud 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-leuckart-and-the-tapeworm/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Saxony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_law 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fothergill-physician-and-gardener/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Groningen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-blood-and-the-crown-jewels-of-england/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustav_Jacob_Jacobi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-hofstadter-and-controlled-nuclear-fission/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_structure 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronze 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_charge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/although-i-cannot-prove-it-the-famous-goldbach-conjecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Goldbach 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-jacobi-and-the-elliptic-functions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_von_Jacobi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walt-disneys-steamboat-willie-and-the-rise-of-mickey-mouse/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomical_object 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-nicollet-and-the-upper-mississippi-river/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifetime_(song) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/surely-youre-joking-mr-feynman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Shuttle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arnold-sommerfeld-and-the-quantum-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/evangeliste-torricelli-and-the-barometer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barometer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectroscopy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_forecasting 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=625 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_capacity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Academy_of_Sciences 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-bayle-forerunner-of-the-age-of-enlightenment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herge-and-the-adventures-of-tintin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_Chong-Chen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_service_provider 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustin-louis-cauchy-and-the-rigor-of-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faroe_Islands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/at-the-beginning-was-a-bet-georg-friedrich-grotefend-and-the-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reaumur-and-the-reaumur-temperature-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insulin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-mitchell-and-the-comets/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-conversational-eloquence-of-madame-de-stael/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_hole 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-newcomen-and-the-steam-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-hoffmann-and-aspirin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/File_Transfer_Protocol 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavel-cherenkov-and-the-blue-light/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamma_ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-gabor-and-his-holographic-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical_instrument 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niccolo-paganini-the-devils-violinist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-joseph-minard-and-the-art-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrara 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_(division) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Deprez 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-the-pope-divided-the-new-world-among-spain-and-the-rest-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lord-kelvin-and-the-analysis-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Victor_Regnault 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-lawrence-and-the-cyclotron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Dakota 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Client_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Sommerfeld 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-novels-of-thomas-hardy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-pissaro-and-the-impressionistic-art-movement/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Torvalds 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-brewster-and-the-kaleidoscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-poincare-the-last-universalist-of-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Rutherford 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-fitch-and-the-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/b-f-skinner-and-radical-behaviorism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_shock 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-curtius-and-the-excavation-of-olympia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/brook-taylor-forerunner-of-differential-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/although-i-cannot-prove-it-the-famous-goldbach-conjecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_algorithm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustave-le-bon-and-the-behaviour-of-the-crowd/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-muir-and-the-u-s-national-park-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin_Law_School 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-expeditions-of-john-wesley-powell/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Wesleyan_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/baron-gerard-de-geer-and-the-varves/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-higinbotham-and-tennis-for-two/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis_for_Two 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectral_line 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-morison-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-mackenzie-and-the-study-of-cardiac-arrhythmias/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiac_dysrhythmia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/twice-the-speed-of-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_of_sound 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(biology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminosity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-heinrich-von-maedler-and-the-first-accurate-map-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-stirling-and-the-stirling-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-wolf-and-the-sunspots/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_version 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_locomotive 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philo-taylor-farnsworth-and-the-electronic-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collaborationism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-de-moivre-and-the-doctrine-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diameter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francesco-scipione-marchese-di-maffei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algorithm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_consequence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bouguer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-heinrich-von-maedler-and-the-first-accurate-map-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-bayle-forerunner-of-the-age-of-enlightenment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bayle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/brook-taylor-forerunner-of-differential-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernoulli_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-astronomical-achievements-of-sir-george-biddell-airy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-mead-and-the-understanding-of-transmissible-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclidean_space 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_(journal) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-roger-penrose-and-the-singularity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-klecks-rorschach-and-his-eponymous-test/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_Things 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-joseph-rouget-de-lisle-and-the-marseillaise/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-furbish-and-the-native-flora-of-maine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_Gray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_pilot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-jacobi-and-the-elliptic-functions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theta_function 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reckless-power-play-politics-niccolo-machiavelli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marischal_College 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-lippisch-and-the-delta-wing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/June 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comin-thro-the-rye-j-d-salinger-and-his-famous-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christiaan-huygens-and-the-pocket-watch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-friedmann-and-the-expanding-universe/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stereophonic_sound 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-ortelius-and-the-theatrum-orbis-terrarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ottmar-mergenthaler-a-second-gutenberg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionosphere 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_la_pirotechnia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-gregory-and-the-gregorian-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-beaumont-and-the-human-digestion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-newcomen-and-the-steam-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Papin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-rawlinson-and-the-mesopotamian-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rosalind-franklin-and-the-beauty-of-the-dna-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polynomial 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-greenwich-prime-meridian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-heinrich-von-maedler-and-the-first-accurate-map-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrational_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/austerlitz-the-battle-of-the-three-emperors/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pencil 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-mandeville-and-the-fable-of-the-bees/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft_flight_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Born 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ettore-bugatti-and-the-most-beautiful-cars-in-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehicle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rational_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-whipple-and-the-dirty-snowballs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-patrick-manson-the-father-of-tropical-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Manson 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-von-opel-and-the-rocket-car/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Ida_Corr_album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-friedmann-and-the-expanding-universe/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-weddell-and-the-southern-ocean/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/July 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inductive_reasoning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arithmetic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-cohen-and-the-first-computer-virus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_virus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-say-and-his-love-for-beetles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_Stone_(album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-joseph-sylvester-lawyer-and-mathematician/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mccarthy-and-the-raise-of-artificial-intelligence/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiler_(power_generation) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-us-space-station-skylab/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/selma-lagerloef-and-the-wonderful-adventures-of-niels-holgersson/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/denis-papin-and-the-pressure-cooker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-lane-fox-pitt-rivers-the-father-of-british-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/August 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-vernier-and-the-vernier-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semantic_Web 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-briggs-and-the-popularization-on-logarithms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-viking-raid-on-the-abbey-of-lindisfarne/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothea-erxleben-germanys-first-female-medical-doctor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pieter-van-musschenbroek-and-the-leyden-jar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_description 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indole 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Beeckman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transit_(astronomy) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-lippisch-and-the-delta-wing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_tunnel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philippe-pinel-the-father-of-modern-psychiatry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-newcomen-and-the-steam-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antoine-cournot-and-the-mathematical-theory-of-economics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Augustin_Cournot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamisso_Island 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-paperts-logo-programming-language/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Papert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-sabin-preparing-the-ground-for-women-in-medical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_School_of_Medicine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Lobachevsky 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telephone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Uhlenbeck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimney_sweep 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-leuckart-and-the-tapeworm/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Leuckart 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-de-broglie-and-wave-nature-of-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-rumseys-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-cook-and-the-great-barrier-reef/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sophie-germain-and-the-chladni-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien-Marie_Legendre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-gilbert-the-father-of-electrical-studies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alloy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-de-broglie-and-wave-nature-of-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Teller 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitcher 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/julius-richard-petri-and-the-petri-dish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(biology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchy_of_Urbino 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-pupin-and-the-long-distance-phone-calls/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectroscopy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/laurens-hammond-and-the-hammond-organ/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lawrence-of-arabia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Syria 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victor-franz-hess-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_decay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-kruckenbergs-schienenzeppelin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Mukomberanwa 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-withering-and-digitalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lead 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Horrocks 
http://blog.yovisto.com/brook-taylor-forerunner-of-differential-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Luck_(Social_Distortion_song) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/virginia-woolf-and-the-birth-of-modern-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assembly_line 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-writings-of-robert-louis-stevenson/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/billy-wilder-and-hollywoods-golden-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmmaking 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ulugh-beg-astronomer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sergei-winogradsky-and-the-science-of-bacteriology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brie-Comte-Robert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-cook-and-the-great-barrier-reef/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceflight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whigfield 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Mach 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyre,_Lebanon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-butler-yeats-and-modern-english-literature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/search/label/Isaac%20Newton http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards,_California 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-wyville-thomson-and-the-challenger-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metre 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comte-de-buffon-and-his-histoire-naturelle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unmanned_aerial_vehicle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juergen-habermas-and-communicative-rationality/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/socrates-and-the-socratic-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isotope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movement_(clockwork) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-venn-and-the-venn-diagram/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-arkwright-the-father-of-the-industrial-revolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Slater 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Puck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archive 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-simon-pallas-a-pioneer-in-zoography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-rumseys-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenandoah_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmaceutical_drug 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-iffland-and-the-iffland-ring/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-to-calculate-fortune-jakob-bernoulli/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Basel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendulum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-kekule-and-the-carbon-ring-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Adolphe_Wurtz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/traian-vuias-flight-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christiaan-huygens-and-the-pocket-watch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_watch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-de-broglie-and-wave-nature-of-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Kirchhoff 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-pissaro-and-the-impressionistic-art-movement/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mercer-and-the-cotton-mercerisation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloride 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-eugene-ives-and-the-halftone-printing-process/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Bernoulli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustav-fechner-and-psychophysics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walter-bruch-and-the-pal-color-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=141 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Binet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bunsen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_powers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dirac 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-lindley-and-his-love-for-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiswick 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visibility 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victorian-art-love-and-poetry-elizabeth-barret-browning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Priestley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Alexander_Reina_Newlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecq 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/February 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_reaction 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camillo-golgi-and-the-golgi-apparatus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physiology_or_Medicine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=686 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-muir-and-the-u-s-national-park-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoia_National_Park 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clark-ashton-smith-the-last-of-the-great-romantics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hector-berlioz-and-the-symphonie-fantastique/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilogram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkenntnis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_space 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-prescott-joule-and-the-nature-of-heat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinc 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-christian-gram-and-the-gram-stain/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-gregory-and-the-gregorian-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gregory_(mathematician) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabric_(club) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stefan-banach-and-modern-function-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/1950s 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-mossbauer-and-the-mossbauer-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visible_spectrum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-nipkow-and-the-picture-scanning-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/October 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consequence_(rapper) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-e-byrd-jr-aviator-and-polar-explorer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/conrad-celtis-the-first-poeta-laureata/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-morland-and-his-calculator-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-mitchell-and-the-comets/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaspard-bauhin-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ray 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-sturtevant-and-the-chromosomes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Mendel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-budd-and-the-infectious-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate_change 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analytic_geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/encore-un-moment-the-life-of-madame-du-barry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boolean_algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Projectile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Fermi 
http://blog.yovisto.com/denis-papin-and-the-pressure-cooker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-pupin-and-the-long-distance-phone-calls/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Heaviside 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-s-kuhn-and-the-structure-of-scientific-revolutions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-budd-and-the-infectious-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Road 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victor-franz-hess-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/traian-vuias-flight-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hieronymus-fabricius-the-father-of-embryology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Receiver_(radio) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum_tube 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-planetary-tables-of-erasmus-reinhold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Copernicus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bit_rate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamidian_massacres 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-de-condorcet-and-the-condorcet-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Condorcet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amerigo-vespucci-and-the-new-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-clerk-maxwell-and-the-very-first-color-photograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Clerk_Maxwell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archive 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eniac-the-first-computer-introduced-into-public/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum_tube 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jethro-tull-and-the-agricultural-revolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/julius-richard-petri-and-the-petri-dish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Richard_Petri 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCAA_Men's_Division_I_Basketball_Championship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_(moon) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-lindbergh-and-his-spirit-of-st-louis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_(liquid) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lawrence-of-arabia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-herschel-a-pioneer-in-celestial-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staff_(military) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodrome 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-dalton-and-the-atomic-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Details_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_powers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-expeditions-of-john-wesley-powell/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasma_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-conversational-eloquence-of-madame-de-stael/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Lives_(novel) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-klein-and-the-klein-bottle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-ortelius-and-the-theatrum-orbis-terrarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herodotus-the-father-of-history/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halicarnassus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_fission 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-paul-rubens-and-the-baroque-extravaganza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-beaumont-and-the-human-digestion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-hadamard-and-the-description-of-mathematical-thought/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-solvay-and-his-love-for-physics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford 
http://blog.yovisto.com/intel-4004-the-worlds-first-microprocessor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dual_in-line_package 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workshop 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrei-sakharov-and-the-soviet-thermonuclear-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-mercer-and-the-cotton-mercerisation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercerised_cotton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-bayle-forerunner-of-the-age-of-enlightenment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamiers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-furtwaengler-and-photographic-archeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simulation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_distance_ladder 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-simmel-first-generation-sociologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-w-alderson-and-the-crash-test-dummies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_industry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walther-nernst-and-the-third-law-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glider_(sailplane) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/denis-papin-and-the-pressure-cooker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juan-de-la-cierva-and-the-autogiro/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_(metalworking) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-moore-irelands-national-bard/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-leakey-and-the-human-evolutionary-development-in-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rosalind-franklin-and-the-beauty-of-the-dna-structure/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-diary-of-anne-frank/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recursion 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecular_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-von-krafft-ebing-and-deviant-sexual-behaviour/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-gilbert-the-father-of-electrical-studies/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-legend-of-bonnie-and-clyde/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehicle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendulum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistical_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Roughgarden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-faulds-and-the-fingerprints/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-last-lecture-of-randy-pausch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Book_Encyclopedia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bexhill-on-Sea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-the-uranus-moons-ariel-and-umbriel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victor-franz-hess-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionization 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digne_Cathedral 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-herschel-a-pioneer-in-celestial-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraviolet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-henry-sullivan-the-father-of-the-skyscaper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wellborn_Root 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inductive_reasoning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lawrence-of-arabia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_collision 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ascanio-sobrero-and-the-power-of-nitroglycerine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-bernoulli-and-the-bernoulli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multimedia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesse 
http://blog.yovisto.com/surely-youre-joking-mr-feynman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanotechnology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-hudsons-voyages-in-north-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-unfortunate-inventions-of-charles-cros/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photography 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-airplanes-of-claude-dornier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filtration 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-joseph-rouget-de-lisle-and-the-marseillaise/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-whipple-and-the-dirty-snowballs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Lawrence_Whipple 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/viking-1-and-the-mission-to-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philo-taylor-farnsworth-and-the-electronic-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_motor 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Louis_de_Lacaille 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-battle-of-zama-and-hannibals-defeat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicopter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-green-and-his-record-balloon-flight/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Minsky 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-rondolphe-perronet-and-the-bridges-of-paris/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydraulic_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-heinrich-von-maedler-and-the-first-accurate-map-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Lessons 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-german-reinheitsgebot/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/govaert-wendelen-the-ptolemy-of-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mozarts-don-giovanni/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-myserious-voynich-manuscript/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCrone_Research_Institute 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-benedict-de-saussure-and-the-mount-blanc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marcel-breuer-master-of-modernism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauhaus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sophie-germain-and-the-chladni-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/July 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Life 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernova 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attitude_(psychology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herodotus-the-father-of-history/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphrates 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercomputer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Goudsmit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-leonard-woolley-and-the-excavations-in-ur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-douglas-and-the-douglas-fir/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marius-and-the-battle-of-the-raudine-plain/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-joseph-sylvester-lawyer-and-mathematician/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/clara-barton-and-the-american-red-cross/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/metropolis-a-cinematic-vision-of-technology-and-fear/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elementary_particle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Differential_calculus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_model 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-whipple-and-the-dirty-snowballs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-minkowski-and-the-four-dimensional-space-time/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-kahn-and-the-mensch-maschine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-leopold-von-buch-and-the-jurassic-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_(division) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ascanio-sobrero-and-the-power-of-nitroglycerine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halle_(Saale) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_type 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurement 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-hutton-the-father-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variable_star 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observational_astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-attenborough-and-life-on-planet-earth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leicester 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucleon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-kahn-and-the-mensch-maschine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/niemand-hat-die-absicht-eine-mauer-zu-bauen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/May 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_program 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicholas-shackleton-and-paleoclimatology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscillation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ludwig-leichhardts-australian-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-paul-rubens-and-the-baroque-extravaganza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlorofluorocarbon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-chladni-the-father-of-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-dewar-and-the-liquefaction-of-gases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmospheric_entry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-farman-and-his-achievements-in-aircraft-design/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alexander-friedmann-and-the-expanding-universe/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perception 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victorian-art-love-and-poetry-elizabeth-barret-browning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/julius-richard-petri-and-the-petri-dish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_industry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-herschel-a-pioneer-in-celestial-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compiler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potomac_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Nasr_Mansur 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-maria-lancisi-and-his-medical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-morgenstern-and-the-game-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-unfortunate-inventions-of-charles-cros/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-james-audubons-birds-of-america/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_River_(Ontario) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-simmel-first-generation-sociologist/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-locke-and-the-social-contract/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Thinker 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/victorian-art-love-and-poetry-elizabeth-barret-browning/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/String_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-willis-and-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Lamarck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-discovery-of-charon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwarf_planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Alfonso_Borelli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-stukeley-and-the-mystery-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveying 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Week 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hubertus-strughold-the-father-of-space-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceflight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiberius_Cavallo 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alcuin-of-york-and-the-carolingian-renaissance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Asturias 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antonio-bosio-and-the-rediscovery-of-the-roman-catacombs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_See 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anaximander-and-the-milesian-school-of-philosophy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligence_Corps_(United_Kingdom) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/search/label/Charles%20Messier http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Messier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ulugh-beg-astronomer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubic_function 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-wilson-and-the-first-german-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niklaus_Wirth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerolamo-cardano-and-the-mathematics-of-chances/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernhard-riemanns-novell-approaches-to-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jule-gregory-charney-and-the-weather-prediction/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fred-whipple-and-the-dirty-snowballs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteoroid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/barbara-mcclintock-and-cytogenetics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Flemming 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ascanio-sobrero-and-the-power-of-nitroglycerine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glycerol 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Database 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-boris-chain-and-his-research-on-antibiotics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biological_membrane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-black-and-the-discovery-of-carbon-dioxide/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcium_carbonate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_supply 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_synthesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/August 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmitter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-higinbotham-and-tennis-for-two/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveying 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marcel-breuer-master-of-modernism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signal_(electrical_engineering) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/audacity-and-singularity-in-design-antoni-gaudi/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Client_(computing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-world-of-lyonel-feininger/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/do-you-speak-polish-or-maybe-reverse-polish/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/evangeliste-torricelli-and-the-barometer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_(element) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/constantine-and-the-battle-at-the-milvian-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-tower-subway-the-worlds-first-tube-railway/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unit_of_length 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-oberths-dream-of-space-travel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comte-de-buffon-and-his-histoire-naturelle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isotope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-herschel-a-pioneer-in-celestial-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sn-1987a-supernova/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernova 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(biology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-ford-and-the-ford-motor-company/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-nicollet-and-the-upper-mississippi-river/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyre,_Lebanon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elly-beinhorn-and-her-love-for-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wilkins-and-the-universal-language/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decimal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-leakey-and-the-human-evolutionary-development-in-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-conversational-eloquence-of-madame-de-stael/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-de-coubertin-and-the-idea-of-the-olympic-games/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Games 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuterium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilution_(equation) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/royal-botanist-charles-plumier/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviation-pioneer-harriet-quimby/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Hamel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-gottfried-galle-and-planet-neptune/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-kinsey-and-his-scientific-interest-in-sex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-philosophical-transactions-of-the-royal-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Wren 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oswald-veblen-and-the-jordan-curve-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._H._C._Whitehead 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-speed-and-his-famous-maps/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aristarchus-of-samos-and-the-heliocentric-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-james-lick-telescope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tablet_computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannoccio-biringuccio-and-the-art-of-metalworking/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mining 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-dedekind-and-the-real-numbers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/viking-1-and-the-mission-to-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-natural-history-museum-in-london/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Owen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stefan-banach-and-modern-function-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Banach 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Islands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/barbara-mcclintock-and-cytogenetics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Ridge,_Tennessee 
http://blog.yovisto.com/life-and-legend-of-frederick-barbarossa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/September 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antoine-lavoisiers-theory-of-combustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Lavoisier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leonardo-da-vinci-the-prototype-of-a-renaissance-man/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amboise 
http://blog.yovisto.com/walt-disneys-steamboat-willie-and-the-rise-of-mickey-mouse/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personality 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-watches-of-daniel-quare/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reservoir 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-the-ptolemaic-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geocentric_model 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-furtwaengler-and-photographic-archeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lee-de-forest-and-the-audion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vanguard-1-the-first-solar-powered-satellite/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Security_Agency 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-lane-fox-pitt-rivers-the-father-of-british-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Pitt_Rivers 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaise_Pascal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/diophantos-of-alexandria-the-father-of-algebra/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rational_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-life-and-work-of-philippe-de-la-hire/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-douglas-and-the-douglas-fir/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diameter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-weizenbaum-and-his-famous-eliza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-woese-and-the-arachea/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-pulitzer-prize/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-ledley-and-the-computer-tomograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-riccioli-a-man-of-encyclopedic-knowledge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/India 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-expeditions-of-john-wesley-powell/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_River 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Kirchhoff 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dont-be-evil-google-celebrates-its-14th-birthday/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_media 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-von-neumann-game-theory-and-the-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-maslow-and-the-hierarchy-of-needs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momentum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avignon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-e-douglass-and-the-dendrochronology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-steinway-and-the-grand-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hooke 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-metcalfe-ethernet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrija-mohorovicic-and-the-mohorovicic-discontinuity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Chadwick 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-blood-and-the-crown-jewels-of-england/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-penney-and-the-british-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-lister-and-the-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(biology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_dioxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_capacity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldova 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-antoine-de-bougainville-and-his-voyage-around-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-romantic-music-of-robert-schumann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_injury 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-green-and-his-record-balloon-flight/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rocket-launch-site-cape-canaveral/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Pure_Reason 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_phone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ignaz-semmelweis-and-the-importance-of-washing-your-hands-as-a-doctor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Kolletschka 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sigmund-freuds-structural-model-of-the-human-psyche/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobacco_smoking 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-joachim-becher-and-the-phlogiston-theory-of-combustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-heinrich-mann/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collaborationism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bunsen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-last-lecture-of-randy-pausch/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugenio-beltramy-and-non-euclidian-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scintillator 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-works-of-lord-avebury/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/avicenna-and-the-islamic-golden-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-weizenbaum-and-his-famous-eliza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/encore-un-moment-the-life-of-madame-du-barry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassenge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-ledley-and-the-computer-tomograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/philippe-pinel-the-father-of-modern-psychiatry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_history 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gideon-mantell-and-the-iguanodon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=648 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Copernicus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-von-neumann-game-theory-and-the-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francesco-scipione-marchese-di-maffei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hans-bethe-and-the-energy-of-the-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/God 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-van-allen-and-the-weather-in-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abu-mashar-al-balkhi-the-prince-of-astrologers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_architecture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-diary-of-anne-frank/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/willy-ley-founder-of-the-german-rocket-society/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-belgen-and-the-sack-of-troy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a4-the-first-human-built-vessel-to-touch-outer-space/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLOPS 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/.us 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-miraculous-world-of-buckminster-fuller/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/louis-leakey-and-the-human-evolutionary-development-in-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/salomon-august-andrees-arctic-balloon-expedition-of-1897/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antonio-bosio-and-the-rediscovery-of-the-roman-catacombs/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_(Catholicism) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/although-i-cannot-prove-it-the-famous-goldbach-conjecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercomputer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/emmy-noether-and-the-love-for-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theoretical_physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stephanie-kwolek-and-the-bullet-proof-vests/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minorca 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-lister-and-the-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Jackson_Lister 
http://blog.yovisto.com/encore-un-moment-the-life-of-madame-du-barry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-p-ramsey-and-the-ramsey-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_North_Whitehead 
http://blog.yovisto.com/salomon-august-andrees-arctic-balloon-expedition-of-1897/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Medical_Academy_(Serbia) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-j-thompson-and-the-electron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_spectrometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anders-celsius-and-the-celsius-scale-of-temperature/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_Maupertuis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_industry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leighlinbridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/abraham-ortelius-and-the-theatrum-orbis-terrarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mariner-9-the-first-spacecraft-to-reach-another-planet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-sabin-preparing-the-ground-for-women-in-medical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_R._Sabin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Sutherland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-leuckart-and-the-tapeworm/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymorphism_(biology) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-battista-morgagni-and-the-science-of-anatomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Morgagni 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_description 
http://blog.yovisto.com/billy-wilder-and-hollywoods-golden-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/antoine-lavoisiers-theory-of-combustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Priestley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subroutine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-pissaro-and-the-impressionistic-art-movement/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venezuela 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/b-f-skinner-and-radical-behaviorism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/doug-engelbart-and-the-computer-mouse/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/House 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ether 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecommunication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ray-dolby-noise-reduction-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_State_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/USS_Sperry_(AS-12) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-green-and-his-record-balloon-flight/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-william-henry-bragg-and-his-work-with-x-rays/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_decay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/on-the-road-with-alexander-von-humboldt/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/albertus-magnus-and-the-merit-of-personal-observation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrea-cesalpino-and-the-classification-of-plants/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitruvius 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-love-affairs-of-george-sand/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/God 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron_microscope 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/b-f-skinner-and-radical-behaviorism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psychologist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pioneer-5-and-the-interplanetary-magnetic-fields/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacecraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-langevin-and-the-langevin-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_decay 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-antikythera-mechanism-an-ancient-analog-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geocentric_model 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/squire-whipple-the-father-of-the-iron-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipple's_disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-parkinson-and-parkinsons-disease/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_disorder 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmond-halley-besides-the-eponymous-comet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-leon-lebesgue-and-the-theory-of-integration/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ferdinand-de-lesseps-and-the-suez-canal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveying 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nobel-laureate-sir-charles-scott-sherrington/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eadweard-muybridge-and-the-photography-of-motion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/aviatrix-amy-johnson-and-the-flight-to-australia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Hill 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-adventures-of-buck-rogers/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/WORD-FM 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-victor-poncelet-and-projective-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_contrast_microscopy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Week 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_While 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnstein,_Saxony-Anhalt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecommunication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-pierpont-langley-and-his-aviation-work/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-lemery-and-the-acid-base-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucleon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-von-peuerbach-and-his-theoreticae-novae-planetarum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/georg-friedrich-philipp-von-hardenberg-aka-novalis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vannevar-bush-and-the-memex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_phone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_(military) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-goudsmit-and-the-electron-spin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Rocard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-percivall-pott-and-his-cancer-research/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_the_Apostle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harry-johnston-and-the-scramble-for-africa/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-diary-of-anne-frank/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/January 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-boole-the-founder-of-modern-logics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/seymour-r-cray-the-father-of-supercomputing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/denis-papin-and-the-pressure-cooker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pavlov-and-the-conditional-reflex/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-jacques-conte-and-the-pencil/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-makepeace-thackerays-deft-skewering-of-human-foibles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/anna-atkins-botanist-and-photographer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Lamarck 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-expeditions-of-john-wesley-powell/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wesley_Powell 
http://blog.yovisto.com/konrad-zuse-the-inventor-of-the-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilogram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-leopold-von-buch-and-the-jurassic-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Leopold_von_Buch 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stochastic_process 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecular_beam 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roger-cotes-and-newtons-principia-mathematica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutrino 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/neil-armstrong-the-first-man-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polynomial 
http://blog.yovisto.com/paul-nipkow-and-the-picture-scanning-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-novels-of-thomas-hardy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Native 
http://blog.yovisto.com/cogito-ergo-sum-rene-descartes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_(geometry) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebra 
http://blog.yovisto.com/baron-gerard-de-geer-and-the-varves/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_sheet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-paris-salon-des-refuses/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_(Paris) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermal_radiation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carnot-and-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entropy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elementary_particle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pablo-picassos-guernica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil 
http://blog.yovisto.com/space-invaders/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bose-einstein-condensate-brings-quantum-theory-to-the-macroscopic-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyendra_Nath_Bose 
http://blog.yovisto.com/baltasar-gracian-and-the-art-of-wisdom/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau 
http://blog.yovisto.com/a-life-is-like-a-garden-leonard-nimoy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ilya-mechnikov-and-the-macrophages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inflammation 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-atanasoff-and-the-first-electronic-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logarithm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/howard-h-aiken-and-the-harvarad-mark-i/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textile 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chances_(Sylver_album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-patrick-manson-the-father-of-tropical-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Ross 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_College_of_Florida 
http://blog.yovisto.com/read-euler-he-is-the-master-of-us-all/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bernoulli 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/kamerlingh-onnes-and-superconductivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Groningen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assembly_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jerome-lalande-measuring-the-distance-to-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrija-mohorovicic-and-the-mohorovicic-discontinuity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zagreb 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcellin_Berthelot 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-urey-and-the-famous-miller-urey-experiment/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Separation_process 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-carnap-and-the-logical-structure-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inductive_reasoning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallax 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-siegfried-albinus-and-his-anatomic-works/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt_(Oder) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gustav-fechner-and-psychophysics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-ray-and-the-art-of-photograms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/well-i-didnt-know-it-was-hard-happy-birthday-ivan-sutherland/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constraint_(mathematics) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operating_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/evangeliste-torricelli-and-the-barometer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernest-lawrence-and-the-cyclotron/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/June 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-peltier-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-mann-and-the-mann-family/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-stibitz-and-the-electromechanical-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_electronics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/augustus-de-morgan-and-formal-logic/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolai-lobachevsky-the-copernicus-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Committee 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-morland-and-his-calculator-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaise_Pascal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Medal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-hevelius-and-his-selenographia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunbartonshire 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-edward-sabine-and-the-earths-magnetic-field/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sabine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrei-sakharov-and-the-soviet-thermonuclear-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Robert_Oppenheimer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailing_ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-expeditions-of-john-wesley-powell/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-stibitz-and-the-electromechanical-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markov_chain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-curtius-and-the-excavation-of-olympia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bernard-siegfried-albinus-and-his-anatomic-works/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernova 
http://blog.yovisto.com/let-us-calculate-the-last-universal-academic-gottfried-wilhelm-leibniz/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grace-hopper-and-the-programming-languages/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/al-biruni-and-his-contributions-to-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frederick-reines-and-the-neutrino/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-gottfried-galle-and-planet-neptune/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-schlegel-and-his-shakespeare-translations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/daniel-rutherford-and-the-isolation-of-nitrogen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/December 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maxim-gorky-and-the-socialist-realism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-playfair-and-the-beginnings-of-infographics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sergei-winogradsky-and-the-science-of-bacteriology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/arthur-phillip-commander-of-the-first-fleet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_supply 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorem 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-charles-fields-and-the-fields-medal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/beaumarchais-and-figaros-wedding/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/martin-perl-and-the-tau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutrino 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-rumseys-steam-boat/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gabriel-lipmann-and-the-colour-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/April 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodynamics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-william-draper-chemist-and-photo-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-patrick-manson-the-father-of-tropical-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Website 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-and-the-discovery-of-oxygen/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_(element) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encryption 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-boris-chain-and-his-research-on-antibiotics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biochemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallax 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-parsons-and-his-large-telescopes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-augustus-watson-recipient-of-the-very-first-phone-call/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipyard 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diameter 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-ray-and-the-art-of-photograms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/November 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-hoffmann-and-aspirin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_von_Baeyer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isidor-isaac-rabi-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astronomer-gerard-kuiper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-makepeace-thackerays-deft-skewering-of-human-foibles/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiswick 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-parkinson-and-parkinsons-disease/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Years_(song) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothy-hodgkin-and-the-structure-of-penicilin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://blog.yovisto.com/stephanie-kwolek-and-the-bullet-proof-vests/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Herzfeld 
http://blog.yovisto.com/samuel-johnson-and-his-famous-dictionary/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leibniz-and-the-integral-calculus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planar_graph 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-beaumont-and-the-human-digestion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-eduard-kummer-and-his-achievements-in-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subset 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-oughtred-and-the-slide-rule/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-wolf-and-the-sunspots/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_engine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nicolas-lemery-and-the-acid-base-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/man-was-born-free-and-he-is-everywhere-in-chains-jean-jacques-rousseau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-bug-that-wasnt-really-a-bug-computer-pioneer-grace-murray-hopper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Strassmann 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-richard-owen-and-the-interpretation-of-fossils/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-wolfgang-von-goethe-and-his-theory-of-colours/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barometer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-victor-horsley-a-pioneer-in-neural-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-gassendi-and-his-trials-to-reconcile-epicurean-atomism-with-christianity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageing 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaas-tinbergen-and-the-study-of-the-instinct/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-hero-of-mushroom-kingdom-turns-27-super-mario/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-curie-and-the-radioactivity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Curie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/felix-bloch-and-the-nuclear-magnetic-resonance-method/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammunition 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrous_oxide 
http://blog.yovisto.com/erich-von-drygalskis-antarctic-expeditions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-hevelius-and-his-selenographia/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simeon-denis-poissons-contributions-to-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edmund-husserls-phenomenology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arithmetic 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dorothea-erxleben-germanys-first-female-medical-doctor/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halle_(Saale) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-baekeland-and-the-beginning-of-the-plastic-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solubility 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-m-w-turner-romantic-preface-to-impressionism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_van_de_Velde_the_Elder 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_station 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herodotus-the-father-of-history/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-kinetoscope-and-edisons-wrong-way-to-invent-the-cinema/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_engineer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/el-escorial-the-worlds-largest-renaissance-building/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_consequence 
http://blog.yovisto.com/surely-youre-joking-mr-feynman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-nicollet-and-the-upper-mississippi-river/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-the-pope-divided-the-new-world-among-spain-and-the-rest-of-the-world/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Verde 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-mulliken-and-the-molecular-orbitals/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Born 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-gustav-magnus-and-the-magnus-effect/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_language 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henri-poincare-the-last-universalist-of-mathematics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-simon-pallas-a-pioneer-in-zoography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_fission 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-undersea-world-of-jacques-cousteau/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Coast_(California) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pliny-the-elder-and-the-destruction-of-pompeii/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joens-jacob-berzelius-one-of-the-founders-of-modern-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-smalley-the-father-of-nanotechnology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/e-f-codd-and-the-relational-database-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-x-43a-and-the-scramjet-technology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-arbuthnot-and-the-laws-of-chance/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-clement-sabine-and-architectural-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/christian-friedrich-schonbein-and-the-ozone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henrietta-swan-leavitt-and-the-light-of-the-cepheids/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variable_star 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-budd-and-the-infectious-diseases/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Budd 
http://blog.yovisto.com/grote-reber-and-radio-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vito-volterra-and-functional-analysis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumber 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lewis-terman-and-the-intelligence-quotient/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Binet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eudoxus-and-the-method-of-exhaustion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-pupin-and-the-long-distance-phone-calls/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bosch-and-the-ig-farben/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolaus-wirth-and-pascal/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++ 
http://blog.yovisto.com/herodotus-the-father-of-history/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-hamming-and-the-hamming-code/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecommunication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/although-i-cannot-prove-it-the-famous-goldbach-conjecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_number 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-snow-and-his-work-on-cholera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/giovanni-battista-morgagni-and-the-science-of-anatomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudy-rucker-infinity-and-the-mind/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Wolfram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/j-c-r-licklider-and-interactive-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Committee 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ulugh-beg-astronomer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heinrich-olbers-and-the-olbers-paradox/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-e-pearys-arctic-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_1 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-frobenius-and-german-ethnography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johannes-schoner-and-his-globes/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printer_(publishing) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-stumpp-the-werewolf-of-bedburg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/heron-of-alexandria-and-his-experiments/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-ostwald-and-modern-physical-chemistry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-smeaton-the-father-of-civil-engineering/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-hedley-and-his-puffing-billy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hedley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dan-bricklin-and-visicalc/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_program 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-passionate-life-of-charlotte-bronte/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mark-weiser-and-his-vision-of-ubiquituous-computing/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_terminal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/evangeliste-torricelli-and-the-barometer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/octave-chanute-one-of-the-fathers-of-aviation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/claude-joseph-rouget-de-lisle-and-the-marseillaise/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty 
http://blog.yovisto.com/astley-paston-cooper-a-pioneer-in-experimental-surgery/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Display_device 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-cocke-and-the-risc-architecture/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frits-zernike-and-the-phase-contrast-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecule 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pythagoras-and-his-eponymous-theorem/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-adler-and-the-individual-psychology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-clerk-maxwell-and-the-very-first-color-photograph/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-de-perthes-and-european-archaeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/elmer-sperry-and-the-gyrocompass/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-picard-and-his-love-for-accuracy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydraulics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/francis-baily-and-the-baily-beads/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/mikhail-tsvet-the-father-of-chromatography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcium_carbonate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-kruckenbergs-schienenzeppelin/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluminium 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lear-and-his-book-of-nonsense/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventure-time-with-emilio-salgari/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipknot_(album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-peter-medawar-the-father-of-transplantation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Macfarlane_Burnet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-duhem-and-the-role-of-theory-in-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-goodricke-and-the-variable-star-of-beta-persei/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-speed-and-his-famous-maps/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/its-computable-thanks-to-alonzo-church/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/hermann-von-helmholtz-and-his-theory-of-vision/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-proust-and-the-law-of-constant-composition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixture 
http://blog.yovisto.com/girolamo-fracastoros-germ-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomism 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dmitri-mendeleev-and-the-periodic-table-of-elements/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_element 
http://blog.yovisto.com/comte-de-buffon-and-his-histoire-naturelle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges-Louis_Leclerc,_Comte_de_Buffon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-mitchell-and-the-comets/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observatory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/euclid-the-father-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-phantastic-travels-of-adalbert-von-chamisso/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_von_Eschscholtz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gerald-hawkins-and-the-secret-of-stonehenge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobalt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/peter-paul-rubens-and-the-baroque-extravaganza/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-sabin-preparing-the-ground-for-women-in-medical-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-de-lecluse-and-the-dutch-tulips/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Rondelet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-visions-of-emanuel-swedenborg/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/isaac-singer-and-the-sewing-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewing_machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-heinrich-von-maedler-and-the-first-accurate-map-of-the-moon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry 
http://blog.yovisto.com/churchills-best-horse-in-the-barn-alan-turing-codebreaker-and-ai-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_machine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/andrej-markov-and-the-markov-chains/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death 
http://blog.yovisto.com/tom-kilburn-and-the-first-stored-program-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_charge 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-von-opel-and-the-rocket-car/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-broughton-suspension-bridge-and-the-resonance-disaster/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harvey-fletcher-the-father-of-stereophonic-sound/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dr-joseph-lister-and-the-use-of-carbolic-acid-as-disinfectant/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasteurization 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-von-baeyer-and-the-color-blue/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_von_Baeyer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adventures-of-karl-may/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-george-stokes-and-fluid-dynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Kirchhoff 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_optics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/friedrich-bessel-and-the-distances-of-stars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-szilard-and-the-atomic-bomb/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/dennis-ritchie-designer-of-unix-and-c/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operating_system 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-delaunay-and-orphism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lejeune-dirichlet-and-the-mathematical-function/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gaetano-crocco-italian-aerospace-pioneer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Otto_Reinhold_Windaus 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jan-ingenhousz-and-photosynthesis/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Senebier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/johann-carolus-and-the-first-newspaper/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-lorenz-and-the-chaos-theory/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Norton_Lorenz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/david-rittenhouse-and-the-transit-of-venus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendulum 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wallace-hume-carothers-and-the-invention-of-nylon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/String_theory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-von-neumann-game-theory-and-the-digital-computer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellular_automaton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jean-baptiste-lamarck-and-the-evolution/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges-Louis_Leclerc,_Comte_de_Buffon 
http://blog.yovisto.com/archimedes-lifted-the-world-off-their-hinges/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/guglielmo-marconi-and-his-magic-machine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/?p=827 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Lavoisier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/macquorn-rankine-and-the-laws-of-thermodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_John_Macquorn_Rankine 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lev-landau-and-superfluiditiy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-gamow-and-his-fundamental-views-on-the-foundations-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/bruno-rossi-and-the-cosmic-radiation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrophysics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-birth-of-the-internet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecommunication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jeremias-richter-and-the-law-of-definite-proportions/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_element 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-patrick-manson-the-father-of-tropical-medicine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ehrenfried-walther-von-tschirnhaus-and-the-white-gold/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper 
http://blog.yovisto.com/happy-birthday-linux/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Fun 
http://blog.yovisto.com/constantine-and-the-battle-at-the-milvian-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Hostility 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pierre-mechain-and-the-meridian-survey-expedition/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-achard-and-the-sugar-beet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-boole-the-founder-of-modern-logics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/legendres-elements-of-geometry/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/alfred-tarski-and-the-undefinability-of-truth/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-green-and-his-theory-of-electricity-and-magnetism/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-francis-drakes-discovery-of-nova-albion/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/baron-gerard-de-geer-and-the-varves/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Application_software 
http://blog.yovisto.com/august-wilhelm-iffland-and-the-iffland-ring/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman 
http://blog.yovisto.com/george-shaw-and-the-platypus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_description 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jane-goodall-and-the-chimpanzees/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-stephen-baldwin-and-the-pinwheel-calculator/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Xavier_Thomas 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fritz-zwicky-and-the-dark-matter/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sin-itiro-tomonaga-and-quantum-electrodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Education 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-first-spacecraft-to-land-on-the-moon-luna-2/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPad 
http://blog.yovisto.com/h-p-lovecraft-and-the-inconceivable-terror/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-tyndall-and-the-physics-of-air/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozone 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool 
http://blog.yovisto.com/franz-achard-and-the-sugar-beet/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antenna_(radio) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/camille-flammarion-and-the-popularization-of-astronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbain_Le_Verrier 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolf-furtwaengler-and-photographic-archeology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin 
http://blog.yovisto.com/parsifal-richard-wagners-last-opera/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-weddell-and-the-southern-ocean/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship 
http://blog.yovisto.com/allan-hills-84001-and-life-on-mars/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbonate 
http://blog.yovisto.com/maria-goeppert-mayer-and-the-nuclear-shell-model/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-psychologist-must-study-mankind-from-the-historical-or-comparative-standpoint-moritz-lazarus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle 
http://blog.yovisto.com/knud-rasmussen-the-father-of-eskimonology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland 
http://blog.yovisto.com/frank-drake-and-project-ozma/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-james-young-simpson-and-the-chloroform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/God 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-bernard-lovell-and-the-radioastronomy/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goostrey 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piano_tuning 
http://blog.yovisto.com/scaliger-and-the-science-of-chronology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/henry-briggs-and-the-popularization-on-logarithms/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logarithm 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-hutton-the-father-of-modern-geology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair 
http://blog.yovisto.com/lewis-terman-and-the-intelligence-quotient/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psychologist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marvin-minsky-and-artificial-neural-networks/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communication 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage 
http://blog.yovisto.com/theodore-von-karman-and-his-advances-in-aerodynamics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket 
http://blog.yovisto.com/gnus-not-unix/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_domain 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Region 
http://blog.yovisto.com/richard-e-byrd-jr-aviator-and-polar-explorer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft 
http://blog.yovisto.com/ernst-chladni-the-father-of-acoustics/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_of_sound 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-vernadsky-and-the-biosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_cosmology 
http://blog.yovisto.com/vladimir-zworykins-television-system/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/thomas-newcomen-and-the-steam-engine/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Watt 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leslie-comrie-a-pioneer-in-mechanical-computation/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://blog.yovisto.com/surely-youre-joking-mr-feynman/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feynman_diagram 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel 
http://blog.yovisto.com/how-oetzi-became-world-famous/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_College 
http://blog.yovisto.com/god-made-the-integers-all-the-rest-is-the-work-of-man-leopold-kronecker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Determinant 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-augustin-de-coulomb-and-the-electrostatic-force/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_System_of_Units 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-locke-and-the-social-contract/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science 
http://blog.yovisto.com/adolphe-sax-and-the-saxophone/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material 
http://blog.yovisto.com/edward-appleton-and-the-ionosphere/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-wheeler-and-the-golden-age-of-general-relativity/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_hole 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-priestley-the-educator-and-historian/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Priestley 
http://blog.yovisto.com/fortran-the-first-programming-language-for-numeric-calculations/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numerical_control 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-popper-and-the-philosophy-of-science/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_relativity 
http://blog.yovisto.com/carl-bechstein-and-his-famous-pianos/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area 
http://blog.yovisto.com/the-supernova-of-1054/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony 
http://blog.yovisto.com/juergen-habermas-and-communicative-rationality/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reaumur-and-the-reaumur-temperature-scale/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/santiago-ramon-y-cajal-and-the-neurons/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington 
http://blog.yovisto.com/averroes-the-commentator-and-polymath/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy 
http://blog.yovisto.com/florence-nightingale-the-lady-with-the-lamp/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/England 
http://blog.yovisto.com/pablo-picassos-guernica/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sofia-kovaleveskaya-mathematician-and-writer/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bunsen 
http://blog.yovisto.com/eugene-wigner-and-the-structure-of-the-atomic-nucleus/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/catherine-de-medici-and-st-bartholomews-day/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Window 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydraulics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/john-logie-baird-and-the-television/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_engineering 
http://blog.yovisto.com/have-you-played-your-atari-today/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television 
http://blog.yovisto.com/karl-schwarzschild-and-the-event-horizon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottakring 
http://blog.yovisto.com/robert-goddard-the-man-who-ushered-in-the-space-age/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite 
http://blog.yovisto.com/roy-j-plunkett-and-the-discovery-of-teflon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microwave 
http://blog.yovisto.com/william-f-friedman-and-the-art-of-cryptology/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_(military) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/at-the-beginning-was-a-bet-georg-friedrich-grotefend-and-the-cuneiform/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/amos-eaton-and-the-science-of-education/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cavendish 
http://blog.yovisto.com/charles-babbage-the-father-of-the-computer-who-hated-street-music/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaise_Pascal 
http://blog.yovisto.com/oskar-von-miller-and-the-deutsches-museum/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany 
http://blog.yovisto.com/nikolay-basov-and-the-development-of-the-maser-and-laser/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Leontovich 
http://blog.yovisto.com/harold-eugene-edgerton-and-the-high-speed-photography/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/leo-fender-and-the-electric-guitar/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_University 
http://blog.yovisto.com/primo-levi-and-the-periodic-table/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Month 
http://blog.yovisto.com/rudolf-wolf-and-the-sunspots/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Wolf 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wilhelm-bauer-and-the-brandtaucher/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Seventh_Fleet 
http://blog.yovisto.com/joseph-lister-and-the-microscope/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgery 
http://blog.yovisto.com/simon-marius-and-his-astronomical-discoveries/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit 
http://blog.yovisto.com/sir-leonard-woolley-and-the-excavations-in-ur/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumer 
http://blog.yovisto.com/denis-papin-and-the-pressure-cooker/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist 
http://blog.yovisto.com/wolfgang-pauli-and-the-pauli-principle/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_mechanics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/james-pollard-espy-the-storm-king/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://blog.yovisto.com/michael-ventris-and-the-minoan-linear-b/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistics 
http://blog.yovisto.com/reality-according-to-alexius-meinong/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graz 
http://blog.yovisto.com/marc-seguin-and-the-wire-cable-suspension-bridge/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tournon,_Savoie 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jules-janssen-and-the-discovery-of-helium/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_element 
http://blog.yovisto.com/horace-walpole-and-the-rise-of-the-gothic-novel/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romances_(Kaada/Patton_album) 
http://blog.yovisto.com/jacques-charles-and-the-hydrogen-balloon/ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black 
