http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedBuildingsInOxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedEducationalBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedBuildingsInOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianInformationTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeroesOfSocialistLabour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeninPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMoscowStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianStatisticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchersInStochastics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatControlTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStalinPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademiciansOfTheUSSRAcademyOfPedagogicalSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatisticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kolmogorov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Ocean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Ocean109376198
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Ocean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOceans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_statement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubroutines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_statement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBASICCommands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_statement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingConstructs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_de_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1795
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_de_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_de_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_publishing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_publishing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOnlineMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensation_(event) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEventsInTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensation_(event) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicFestivalsInTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensation_(event) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectronicMusicFestivals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensation_(event) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRecurringEventsEstablishedIn2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInThePlateau-CentralRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Sussex http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-metropolitanCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Sussex http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRear-wheel-driveVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSedans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2000sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1970sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Car102958343
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1980sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVehiclesIntroducedIn1959
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1990sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCarsOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLuxuryVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1960sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1950sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairlane_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalProperties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_folding http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompilerOptimizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_city http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdministrativeDivisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_city http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirfield http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheWFPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirfield http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirfield http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfWestphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMeschede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExpressionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNorthRhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarICasualties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExpressionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silly_Symphonies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSillySymphonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishNuclearPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAmericanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfBangladeshAcademyOfSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPurdueUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNuclearPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roy_Mottelson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandmarksInTheCzechRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS2StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInTheCzechRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfTheCzechRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInTheCzechRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe9thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubdivisionsOfTheCzechRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_kernel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntegrals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_kernel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPartialDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_kernel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarmonicFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore-Tex http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWovenFabrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore-Tex http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProductsIntroducedIn1976
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore-Tex http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTextiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore-Tex http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnicalFabrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore-Tex http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFabrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsClaimedUnderTheGuanoIslandsAct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerPopulatedPlacesInOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfThePacificOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoralReefsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtollsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalWildlifeRefugesInTheUnitedStatesInsularAreas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPacificOceanAtollsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchipelagoesOfThePacificOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearTestSites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalWildlifeRefugesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtollsOfThePacificOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtectedAreasEstablishedIn1926
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNuclearTestSites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Area108497294
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUninhabitedPacificIslandsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Interest_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputer-relatedOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Interest_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicsOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRobotFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsDirectedByFritzLang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1927Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1920sFantasyFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlack-and-whiteFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPre-1950ScienceFictionFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpicFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsOfTheWeimarRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Movie106613686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScienceFictionFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSilentFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDystopianFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExpressionistFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBabelsbergStudioFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsAboutCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMadScientistFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNordicCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannie_Heineman_Prize_for_Mathematical_Physics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAwardsEstablishedIn1959
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannie_Heineman_Prize_for_Mathematical_Physics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannie_Heineman_Prize_for_Mathematical_Physics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicsAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannie_Heineman_Prize_for_Mathematical_Physics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicsAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMaleStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActorsFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheMargraviateOfBrandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Devrient http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfFrenchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDerbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDerby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfJesusCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flamsteed http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtDerbySchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesDisestablishedIn1902
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctMotorVehicleManufacturersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleManufacturersBasedInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1901
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1801
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInTheBritishIsles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1707
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1901
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynge,_Allerod http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInCapitalRegionOfDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBillionaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfDutchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleInRailTransportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromStatenIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanRailwayEntrepreneurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVanderbiltUniversityPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanCivilWarIndustrialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAmericanRailroadExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_7 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_7 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Paperclip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIOperationsAndBattlesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Paperclip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCentralIntelligenceAgencyOperations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Paperclip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesIntelligenceOperations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Paperclip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEspionageProjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_time http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerReal-timeClocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTechnologyChiefExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraceMurrayHopperAwardLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Metcalfe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInCroatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInSlovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomancePeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDemographicsOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldbach's_conjecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConjectures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldbach's_conjecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConjecturesAboutPrimeNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldbach's_conjecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHilbert'sProblems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldbach's_conjecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHypotheses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldbach's_conjecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrimeNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldbach's_conjecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnsolvedProblemsInMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientistsFromVienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSetTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hahn_(mathematician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Murray_Hopper_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScienceAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Murray_Hopper_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAwardsEstablishedIn1971
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Murray_Hopper_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputer-relatedAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Little_Hen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1934Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Little_Hen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1934AnimatedFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Little_Hen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsDirectedByWilfredJackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Little_Hen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Movie106613686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Little_Hen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnimatedShortFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Little_Hen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDonaldDuckShortFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Little_Hen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsBasedOnFairyTales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfPolishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPacifists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatControlTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalysandsOfHeleneDeutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSystemsScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCornellUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPacifists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfPolish-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediaScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPacifists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeneralElectricPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchersInStochastics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBelmont,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCognitiveScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromColumbia,Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAmericanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTuftsUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuggenheimFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Wiener http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degree_of_polymerization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalProperties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degree_of_polymerization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolymers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfLincolnCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtQueenElizabethGrammarSchool,Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfUniversityCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Radcliffe_(physician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Politician110450303
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPioneersOfPhotography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronetsInTheBaronetageOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMastersOfTheMint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheRoyalGuelphicOrder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalAstronomicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSeniorWranglers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSlough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfStJohn'sCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtEtonCollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herschel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Load_(computing) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOperatingSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcade_game http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcade_game http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArcadeGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoilScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSaintPetersburgStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Dokuchaev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaintPetersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_(education) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_(education) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicHonours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regius_Professor_of_Anatomy_(Glasgow) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProfessorshipsInMedicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regius_Professor_of_Anatomy_(Glasgow) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegiusProfessorships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regius_Professor_of_Anatomy_(Glasgow) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProfessorshipsAtTheUniversityOfGlasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distinction_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distinction_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptualDistinctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1861
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalian-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCouncilOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanceCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Functional_analysis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_radicalism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_radicalism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_calendar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientRomanFestivals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_calendar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpecificCalendars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_calendar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCalendars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_calendar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiturgicalCalendars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothic_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothic_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothic_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGothicNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothic_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorrorGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishDiplomats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfKing'sCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strength_reduction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompilerOptimizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riemann_integral http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntegrals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riemann_integral http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefinitionsOfMathematicalIntegration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchExiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMilitaryLeadersOfTheFrenchRevolutionaryWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfSaintHubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCorsica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmateurMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExcommunicatedByTheRomanCatholicChurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchCommandersOfTheNapoleonicWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExhumedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOustedHeadsOfState
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAjaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCorsicanPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheFrenchRevolutionaryWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExcommunicatedByChristianChurches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryRulersInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheElephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMonarchsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAttemptedAssassinationSurvivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheFrenchRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfAndorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeopleOfItalianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersWhoTookPowerByCoup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsWhoAbdicated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandDukesOfBergAndCleves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15th_century http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCenturies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExemptCharities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInOxfordWithRoyalPatronage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe11thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarineEngineManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnergyCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalEquipmentManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctCompaniesBasedInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1886
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediaCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesDisestablishedIn1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCBSCorporationSubsidiaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocomotiveManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShipbuildingCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearTechnologyCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRollingStockManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocomotiveManufacturersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesInvolvingTheDutchRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1704
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesInvolvingBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesInvolvingAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesInvolvingFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesInvolvingGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesInvolvingSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesOfTheWarOfTheSpanishSuccession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesInvolvingTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Schellenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesInvolvingEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Chemistry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemistryAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Chemistry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Award106696483
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Chemistry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInTheCommunityOfMadrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe9thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInTheCommunityOfMadrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincesOfSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_both_laws http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDoctoralDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_both_laws http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLawDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_both_laws http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatReligiousDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Riviera http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Riviera http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerProvincesOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botany_Bay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaysOfNewSouthWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botany_Bay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesInAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hystaspes_(father_of_Darius_I) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAchaemenidSatrapsOfParthia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hystaspes_(father_of_Darius_I) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat6th-centuryBCIranianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hystaspes_(father_of_Darius_I) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAchaemenidKings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hystaspes_(father_of_Darius_I) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAchaemenidPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hystaspes_(father_of_Darius_I) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPersianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hystaspes_(father_of_Darius_I) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientPersianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheTudorPeriod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfStJohn'sCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryEnglishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromColchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1990
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultidisciplinaryResearchInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Earnshaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWutheringHeights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Earnshaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/FictionalCharacter109587565
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Earnshaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCharactersIntroducedIn1847
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Earnshaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharactersInWutheringHeights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Earnshaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalGhosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgebraicStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_University_(UK_Parliament_constituency) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityConstituenciesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_University_(UK_Parliament_constituency) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedKingdomParliamentaryConstituenciesEstablishedIn1603
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_University_(UK_Parliament_constituency) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedKingdomParliamentaryConstituenciesDisestablishedIn1950
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_University_(UK_Parliament_constituency) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Constituency108238156
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_University_(UK_Parliament_constituency) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParliamentaryConstituenciesInTheEastOfEngland(historic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_University_(UK_Parliament_constituency) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedKingdomParliamentaryConstituenciesRepresentedByASittingPrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianPeopleOfBelarusian-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewBrunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmStudioExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianEmigrantsToCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaintJohn,NewBrunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianFilmProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanRacehorseOwnersAndBreeders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetro-Goldwyn-MayerExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBelarusian-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMinskGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyagers! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNBCNetworkShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyagers! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1982AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyagers! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1983AmericanTelevisionSeriesEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyagers! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1982TelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeforms http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1994Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeforms http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVirginRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anyone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalGroupsFromCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plane_(geometry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSurfaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatG20Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTradeBlocs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalOrganizationsOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1993
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSupranationalUnions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stability_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLimitSets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stability_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSitesOfSpecialScientificInterestInFalkirkAndClackmannan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSitesOfSpecialScientificInterest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEstuaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRamsarSitesInScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSitesOfSpecialScientificInterestInMidAndEastLothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSitesOfSpecialScientificInterestInEdinburghAndWestLothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSitesOfSpecialScientificInterestInDunfermlineAndKirkcaldy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Ocean109376198
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaysOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFjords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtectedAreasOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Forth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSitesOfSpecialScientificInterestInNorthEastFife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConfederateStatesArmySoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWelshExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromStAsaph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWelshEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDenbighshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnionNavySailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnionArmySoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWelshJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfWestphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRockefellerFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHamm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMilitaryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNASAPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlySpaceflightScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaziPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSanAntonio,Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Strughold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scramble_for_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOverseasEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortuguese-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommunityOfPortugueseLanguageCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanceCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecturalStyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalEras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isethionic_acid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSulfonicAcids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isethionic_acid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlcohols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromThePalatinate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExpatriatesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExilliteraturWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLudwigshafen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPacifists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Bloch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContemporaryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_generator http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalGenerators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfThePacificOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDividedRegions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfIndonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfPapuaNewGuinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Joseph_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIowaWesleyanCollegeAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHenryCounty,Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfDutchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuggenheimFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNuclearPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Allen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Space http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiscreteVideoArcadeGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Space http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/ComputerGame100458890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Space http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1971VideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Space http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamesDevelopedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Space http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArcadeGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1636
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyAmericanIndustrialCenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInProvidenceCounty,RhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInRhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStatesAtlanticCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInRhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInRhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousPeoplesInBrazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInVenezuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInPortugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomancePeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInBrazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_Quest http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocumentaryFilmsAboutNature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_Quest http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionDocumentaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_Quest http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Television106277280
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOceanographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEcologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSustainabilityAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEnvironmentalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocumentaryFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromToulon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_government_of_the_United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS1StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheWeimarRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1990
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics_education http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalScienceOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collection_(artwork) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumCollections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_East http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Enlightenment http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Enlightenment http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMiddleAges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Enlightenment http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalEras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConstitutionalLawsOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Legislation106535222
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalCharters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActsOfTheParliamentOfEnglandStillInForce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActsOfTheParliamentOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalUnifications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTreatiesOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActsOfTheParliamentOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActsOfTheParliamentOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Union_1707 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTreatiesOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postgraduate_education http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postgraduate_education http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalStages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsBasedOnPlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsDirectedByJosephAnthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1950sDramaFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParamountPicturesFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlack-and-whiteFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsBasedOnNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1959Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Movie106613686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsFeaturingABestDramaActorGoldenGlobeWinningPerformance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.properties http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerFileFormats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.properties http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConfigurationFiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.properties http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilenameExtensions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.properties http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Format106636806
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Mayo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarldomsInThePeerageOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_conjunction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicalConnectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInVeneto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfTheProvinceOfVenice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheAdriaticSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsOfFormerNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesOfTheMediterraneanSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCar-freeZones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediterraneanPortCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheVenetianLagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoastalCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchipelagoesOfTheMediterraneanSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlandic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlandic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlandic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgglutinativeLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlandic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousLanguagesOfTheNorthAmericanArctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlandic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMontbéliard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEvolutionaryBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchIchthyologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIchthyologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPaleontologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaleontologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMalacologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeersOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronsOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cuvier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_collision http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoadAccidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_collision http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Disease114070360
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1729_(number) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Number105121418
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1729_(number) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntegers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sputnik_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Spacecraft104264914
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sputnik_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarthSatellitesOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sputnik_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSatellites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromPhiladelphia,Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromVirginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGreenwichVillage,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanticPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromMaryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEditors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSatirists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBritishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromBoston,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCharlottesville,Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaritimeWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBaltimore,Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesMilitaryAcademyAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCrimeFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromRichmond,Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRecreationalCryptographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesArmySoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanCrimeFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorrorWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatThrillerWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheBronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHorrorWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBoston,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMysteryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInBerkshireCounty,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInBerkshireCounty,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_Massachusetts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Grammar_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1550s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Grammar_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/School108276720
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Grammar_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsWithCombinedCadetForces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Grammar_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberSchoolsOfTheHeadmasters'AndHeadmistresses'Conference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Grammar_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsDisestablishedIn2008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Grammar_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctSchoolsInLeeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanFilmActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExpatriatesInSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActressesFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSilentFilmActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWhoEmigratedToEscapeNazism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_arts_education http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMiddleAges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_arts_education http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDisciplines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsEstablishedIn1947
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_century http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCenturies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishReligiousWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeansOfDromore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryIrishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtKilkennyCollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDublin(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanBishopsOfCloyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestantPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryAnglicanBishops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryIrishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishNaturalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTrinityCollege,Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIdealists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCountyKilkenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpistemologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmpiricists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Berkeley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeansOfDerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategy_game http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBoardGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategy_game http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStrategyVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategy_game http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAbstractStrategyGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategy_game http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logic_of_Scientific_Discovery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logic_of_Scientific_Discovery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophyBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logic_of_Scientific_Discovery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByKarlPopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logic_of_Scientific_Discovery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1959Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logic_of_Scientific_Discovery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1934Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolishPeopleOfJewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWarsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSetTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModelTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolishEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuggenheimFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tarski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShot-downAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesArmyAirForcesOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTestPilots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviatorsFromWestVirginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWestVirginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesArmyAirForcesSoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviationPioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatU.S.AirForceTestPilotSchoolAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTestPilots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLincolnCounty,WestVirginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesAirForceGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesArmyAirForcesPilotsOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesArmyGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Yeager http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centurySwissMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissMaleTelevisionActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissMaleFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissMaleStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centurySwissMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPeopleOfItalianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromZürich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welfare_capitalism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welfare_capitalism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welfare_capitalism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicIdeologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimorphite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSulfideMinerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimorphite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArsenicMinerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimorphite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Mineral114662574
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimorphite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrthorhombicMinerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOnlineMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanLifestyleMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMagazinesPublishedInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Newspaper106267145
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1993
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMonthlyMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComputerMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCulturalJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Magazine106595351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMagazinesEstablishedIn1993
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–verb–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVerb-secondLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfNorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorthGermanicLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_(economics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatServiceIndustries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachau_concentration_camp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIMuseumsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachau_concentration_camp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachau_concentration_camp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaziConcentrationCamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachau_concentration_camp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaziConcentrationCampsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachau_concentration_camp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/ConcentrationCamp103086183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachau_concentration_camp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIISitesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoriesOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture_of_the_United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanArchitecturalStyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKoufaxAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2002Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stochastic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfFlanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatViceroysOfPortugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernorsOfTheHabsburgNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfGuelders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishBishops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfLuxembourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBohemianPrinces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchbishopsOfToledo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfBrabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicTitularArchbishops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInquisitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfHainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfBurgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishPeopleOfTheEightyYears'War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchdukesOfAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianCardinals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEightyYears'War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiplomatsOfTheHolySee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VII,_Archduke_of_Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfNamur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formation_(stratigraphy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeologicFormations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInAesthetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amateur_press_association http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJournalismOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLeeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtLeedsGrammarSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBridgeEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMechanicalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishCivilEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarbourEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeotechnicalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConcretePioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheIndustrialRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMechanicalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verse_(poetry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verse_(poetry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_4 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_4 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNordicCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfIceland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1944
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proportionality_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRatios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Goldbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Goldbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Goldbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Goldbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKönigsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Goldbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheDuchyOfPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Goldbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Goldbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerBritishColonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatThirteenColonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Economy108366753
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishToponyms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNovgorodGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanticComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryClassicalComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTikhvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheSaintPetersburgConservatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianClassicalComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianMusicEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryClassicalComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOperaComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2008Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHandbooksAndManuals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2000Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDungeons&amp;DragonsBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2003Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1977Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByKarlMarx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1894Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunistBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksInPoliticalPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksAboutCapitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1867Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1885Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByKarlMarxAndFriedrichEngels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicsBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophyBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnfinishedBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromInnsbruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHolyRomanEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchdukesOfAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanKings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedievalChildRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfCarinthia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfStyria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMicrosoftTechnicalFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDigitalEquipmentCorporationPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTuringAwardLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMicrosoftEmployees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAssociationForComputingMachinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDraperPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Lampson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocynaceae http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAsteridFamilies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luftwaffe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAirForcesByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luftwaffe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisbandedAirForces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luftwaffe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfUkrainianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianHumanitarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSaintPetersburgTechnologicalInstituteAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromZhytomyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVolhynianGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianInternalExiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussian-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUkrainianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Korolenko http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lear's_Macaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBirdsOfSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lear's_Macaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBirdsOfBrazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1659
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSecondBoerWarConcentrationCamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishOverseasTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVolcanoesOfSaintHelena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVolcanicIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Maximilian_University_of_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Maximilian_University_of_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Maximilian_University_of_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Maximilian_University_of_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Maximilian_University_of_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Maximilian_University_of_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_ST http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProductsIntroducedIn1985
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_ST http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Computer103082979
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_ST http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHomeComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_ST http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyMicrocomputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_ST http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat68000-basedHomeComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_ST http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPersonalComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_ST http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAll-in-oneDesktopComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe15thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kummer_surface http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComplexSurfaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kummer_surface http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgebraicSurfaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheNewYorkMetropolitanArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNortheasternUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1624
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerUnitedStatesStateCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStatesAtlanticCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheHudsonRiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCapitalsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetropolitanAreasOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetropolitanAreasOfNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpecialEconomicZones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInWayneCounty,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheGreatLakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerUnitedStatesStateCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1701
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInlandPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheUndergroundRailroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarborsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlacesVisitedByOdysseusInOdyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfCampania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Units_of_measurement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCustomaryUnitsOfMeasurement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Units_of_measurement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHuman-basedUnitsOfMeasurement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Units_of_measurement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatObsoleteUnitsOfMeasurement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Units_of_measurement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitsOfMeasurement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_6 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_6 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Derby http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarldoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Derby http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarldomsInThePeerageOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Derby http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatForfeitedPeerages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subject_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInMetaphysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCatacombsOfRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCemeteriesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPapalTombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianSitesOfTheRomanEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBurialMonumentsAndStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientRomanTombsAndCemeteriesInRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCatacombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Politician110450303
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAbolitionists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfStJohn'sCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAbolitionists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtPocklingtonSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanRightsActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticiansFromKingstonUponHull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtHullGrammarSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAbolitionists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKingstonUponHull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilberforce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_of_1905 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_of_1905 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestsInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_of_1905 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1905
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_of_1905 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_of_1905 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_15 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_15 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPrague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEcologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCzechPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientistsFromVienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPaleontologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWollastonMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeopleOfBritishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCzechPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaleontologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Suess http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setting_(narrative) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geological_survey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeologicalSurveys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticalRationalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConsciousnessResearchersAndTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKyotoLaureatesInArtsAndPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheLondonSchoolOfEconomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheAristotelianSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfDarwinCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromVienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheBritishAcademy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalisedCitizensOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety(Statute12)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCognitiveScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRefugees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLibertarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleOfAustrian-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Popper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAustrianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Heinrich_Wiedemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Heinrich_Wiedemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Heinrich_Wiedemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Heinrich_Wiedemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Heinrich_Wiedemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChurchesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Church103028079
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caernarfonshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricCountiesOfWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caernarfonshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caernarfonshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1284
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caernarfonshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Subdivision108674251
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_20 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_20 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolshevik_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolshevik_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheLaptevSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolshevik_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfSevernayaZemlya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolshevik_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolshevik_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheArcticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolshevik_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheKaraSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Study_skills http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLearningMethods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Study_skills http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSkills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInHertfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIMuseumsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIMuseumsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnologyMuseumsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Issues http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWiley-BlackwellAcademicJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Issues http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Issues http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1991
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Issues http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnnualJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Issues http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophyJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Issues http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Periodical106593296
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rector_(academia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rector_(academia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Occupation100582388
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rector_(academia) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatManagementOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1899_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsInBaltimore,Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1899_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Tournament107464725
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Channel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionStations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Channel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Channel103006398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Channel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionChannelsAndStationsEstablishedIn1985
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Channel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageTelevisionStationsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmProductionCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWaltDisneyCompanySubsidiaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheNewYorkStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1929
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInLosAngelesCounty,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1983
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1923
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carothers_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carothers_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolymers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_VanNewhouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAerospaceEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHuntsville,Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanRocketScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfPosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWyrzysk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFranzösischesGymnasiumBerlinAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronsOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTechnologyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpaceAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSSOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeaponsScientistsAndEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatETHZurichAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRocketScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBarons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAerospaceEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanArchitects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAerospaceEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNASAPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlySpaceflightScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNaziPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDirectorsOfTheMarshallSpaceFlightCenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActorsFromMontreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianExpatriateActorsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianTelevisionActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryCanadianMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianVoiceActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianBloggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianMaleFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianPeopleOfAustrian-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryCanadianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianPeopleOfHungarian-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCôteSaint-Luc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromMontreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianPeopleOfPolish-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMontreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAudioBookNarrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianMaleNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleShakespeareanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianMaleTelevisionActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHastings-on-Hudson,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActorsFromQuebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryCanadianMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromMontreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianPeopleOfPolishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishCanadianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMcGillUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVersailles,Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianGameShowHosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryCanadianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianMaleVoiceActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglophoneQuebecPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishCanadianMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShakespeareanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianPeopleOfUkrainianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWestmount,Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_engineering http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_engineering http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCombatSupportOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_number_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocumentaryFilmsAboutNature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionDocumentaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Television106277280
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFabulists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToChristianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToChristianityFromAtheismOrAgnosticism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPacifists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAphorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNonviolenceAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnti–deathPenaltyActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExcommunicatedByChristianChurches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPacifists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnarchistPedagogues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAnarchists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussian-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnarchists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfTheCrimeanWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdoptees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExcommunicatedByTheRussianOrthodoxChurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianAnarchists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianFabulists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visa_(document) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVisas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visa_(document) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalTravelDocuments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionPresenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanTelevisionPresenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Haber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScienceWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHolocaustPerpetrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAustrianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleConvictedOfWarCrimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatelessPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFascistRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPorajmosPerpetrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalWritersWhoCommittedSuicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticiansWhoCommittedSuicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersOfPoliticalPartiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrimeMinistersOfPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBraunauAmInn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIPoliticalLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAttemptedAssassinationSurvivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalizedCitizensOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPoliticiansWhoCommittedSuicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlagDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConspiracyTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMilitaryLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeimarRepublicPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPoliticalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaziLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfFascism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleConvictedOfTreasonAgainstGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianEmigrantsToGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNaziPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAustrianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInChemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAkron,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincetonUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHopeCollegeAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanPhysicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smalley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_30 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_30 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_7 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_7 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Tower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Tower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresCompletedIn1889
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Tower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMichelinGuideStarredRestaurantsInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Tower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Tower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSkyscrapersInParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Tower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Building102913152
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Tower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerWorld'sTallestBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_of_the_United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutiveBranchesOfGovernment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1902
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleManufacturersBasedInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeneralMotorsSubsidiaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLuxuryMotorVehicleManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInDetroit,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleManufacturersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCarManufacturersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leiden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leiden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfSouthHolland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leiden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leiden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInSouthHolland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leiden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodysuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOne-pieceSuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodysuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUndergarments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Display_resolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Display_resolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoCards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Display_resolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionTransmissionStandards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Display_resolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraphicsStandards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_(Paris) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExhibitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_(Paris) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtExhibitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_(Paris) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtExhibitionsInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_(Paris) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExhibitionsInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_(Paris) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnnualEventsInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_(Paris) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEventsInParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMineralogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromColumbiaCounty,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Eaton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_tour http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTouristActivities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfTheAmericanCivilWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtWoodhouseGroveSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfUniversityCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHastings-on-Hudson,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheAmericanChemicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromStHelens,Merseyside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graph_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realism_(arts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realism_(arts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAesthetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfFinistère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOnTheFrenchAtlanticCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInBrittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_system http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImpactCraters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distributive_property http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRulesOfInference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distributive_property http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoremsInPropositionalLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountrySubdivisionsOfTheAmericas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubdivisionsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSecond-levelAdministrativeCountrySubdivisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatETHZurichAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKemptenImAllgäu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMechanicalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheKingdomOfBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMechanicalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndustrialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydraulic_lime http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dymaxion http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctMotorVehicleManufacturersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBabeş-BolyaiUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAerospaceEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanianEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanianPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustro-HungarianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTransylvanian-SaxonPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSighişoara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExpatriatesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeopleOfHungarianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanianPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanianInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanianSchoolteachers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSibiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNürnbergerLand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanianExpatriatesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMiercureaCiuc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightCommandersOfTheOrderOfMeritOfTheFederalRepublicOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlySpaceflightScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Oberth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotelianism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetaphysicalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotelianism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthicalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotelianism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalTraditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrench-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfLaFrancophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCouncilOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanceCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First-person_narrative http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First-person_narrative http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First-person_narrative http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpistolaryNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhny_Novgorod http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInNizhnyNovgorodOblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhny_Novgorod http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSkiAreasAndResortsInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhny_Novgorod http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/City108524735
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhny_Novgorod http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerNationalCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhny_Novgorod http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheVolga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast_Natural_History_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalHistorySocieties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEastAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeastDevelopedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBantuCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1975
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheOrganisationOfIslamicCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortuguese-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommunityOfPortugueseLanguageCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwahili-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaussian_elimination http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMatrices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaussian_elimination http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaussian_elimination http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExchangeAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaussian_elimination http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison-Wesley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublishingCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison-Wesley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublishingCompaniesEstablishedIn1942
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison-Wesley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInBoston,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison-Wesley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Publisher108062623
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_Philosophy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_Philosophy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDoctoralDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_Philosophy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAbbreviations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_Philosophy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatQualifications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language_model http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarkovModels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHypotheses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalControversies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquationsOfPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalHypotheses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInterstellarMessages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificControversies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernorsOfTheHudson'sBayCompany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesInThePeerageOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToRomanCatholicismFromAnglicanism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesInThePeerageOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfAlbany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishKings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLordHighAdmiralsOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLordHighAdmirals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfFrenchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMonarchsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicHeadsOfGovernment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlsInThePeerageOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlsOfUlster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYorkColonialPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catenation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolymers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInEgypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernorateCapitalsInEgypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetropolitanAreasOfEgypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInCairoGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsOfCaliphates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInEgypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInEgypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInEgypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Woodward,_Sr. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Woodward,_Sr. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBankers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Woodward,_Sr. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardLawSchoolAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Woodward,_Sr. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Woodward,_Sr. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Woodward,_Sr. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanRacehorseOwnersAndBreeders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geiger_counter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountingInstruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geiger_counter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Equipment103294048
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geiger_counter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVacuumTubes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geiger_counter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIonisingRadiationDetectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_subject_research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiologicalTechniquesAndTools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_subject_research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExperiments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrefixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalSatireBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishNovelsAdaptedIntoFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksByJonathanSwift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChildren'sBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsAdaptedIntoFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetafictionalWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTravelBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksAdaptedIntoFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSatiricalBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPirateBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInCharlotte,NorthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalGasCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPowerCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPubliclyTradedCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInNorthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnergyCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearPowerCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesInTheDowJonesUtilityAverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheNewYorkStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricPowerCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearTechnologyCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHydroelectricPowerCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minkowski_space http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExactSolutionsInGeneralRelativity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minkowski_space http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Architecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Architecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitectureSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_(visual_arts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecturalStyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_(visual_arts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_(visual_arts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInAesthetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameDevelopmentCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameCompaniesOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnNASDAQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1972
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctComputerCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctSoftwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheNewYorkStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctCompaniesOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHomeComputerHardwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamePublishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerHardwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell's_equations http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaxwell'sEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell's_equations http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquationsOfPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell's_equations http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell's_equations http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell's_equations http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPartialDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell's_equations http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHyperbolicPartialDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsehead_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Object100002684
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsehead_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatICObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsehead_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBarnardObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsehead_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNGCObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoutheastAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVolcanicArcIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1898
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAssociationOfSoutheastAsianNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1946
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchipelagoesOfThePacificOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1565
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polar_drift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolarRegionsOfTheEarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAncona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryItalianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEcologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSenatorsOfTheKingdomOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Volterra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerHousesInTheCityOfWestminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamamoto_Tsunetomo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamamoto_Tsunetomo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamamoto_Tsunetomo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamamoto_Tsunetomo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJapanesePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamamoto_Tsunetomo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJapaneseNon-fictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamamoto_Tsunetomo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSagaPrefecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Riding_of_Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdministrativeCountiesAbolishedIn1974
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Riding_of_Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Subdivision108674251
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesInWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insulator_(electricity) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insulator_(electricity) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDielectrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insulator_(electricity) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalComponents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insulator_(electricity) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planar_graph http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntersectionClassesOfGraphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planar_graph http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlanarGraphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planar_graph http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometricGraphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicsEvents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Award106696483
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize_in_Physics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicsAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat4th-centuryBCWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreekMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat3rd-centuryBCWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAlexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat4th-centuryBCGreekPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat3rd-centuryBCGreekPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architectural_drawing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaintingTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_monument http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMethodsAndPrinciplesInArchaeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe15thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBoardingSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExemptCharities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/School108276720
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharitiesBasedInBerkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBoardingSchoolsInBerkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsWithARoyalCharter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberSchoolsOfTheHeadmasters'AndHeadmistresses'Conference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndependentSchoolsInWindsorAndMaidenhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBoys'SchoolsInBerkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_(person) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHobbyists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lower_Depths http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlaysByMaximGorky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lower_Depths http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1901Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lower_Depths http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lower_Depths http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanticPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleOfCornishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBisexualMen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithAberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTravelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilhellenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheGreekWarOfIndependence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtAberdeenGrammarSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronsInThePeerageOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtHarrowSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfCorpusChristiCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfOrielCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAnglicanPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtLordWeymouth'sGrammarSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadMastersOfRugbySchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtWinchesterCollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAnglicanPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatutoryProfessorsOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheIsleOfWight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFreshwater,IsleOfWight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronsInThePeerageOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersOfModernArthurianFiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtKingEdwardVIGrammarSchool,Louth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMythopoeicWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromOldEnglish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeersOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_East_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerProtectorates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_East_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1919
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_East_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1885
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_East_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_East_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Event100029378
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1830
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometric_Shapes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnicodeBlocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geometric_Shapes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Block102852523
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Department108114861
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDepartmentsOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypergeometric_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrdinaryDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypergeometric_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSmoothFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypergeometric_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHypergeometricFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypergeometric_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypergeometric_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpecialFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypergeometric_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpecialHypergeometricFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMunich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnicalUniversityMunichAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnica http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandCountiesOfLowerSilesianVoivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnica http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnica http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCityCountiesOfPoland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnica http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInSilesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnica http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInLowerSilesianVoivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRear-wheel-driveVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFull-sizeVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1920sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCarsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Car102958343
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPickupTrucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehiclesManufacturedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1900sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertibles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1910sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVehiclesIntroducedIn1908
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_T http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atoms_for_Peace_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtomsForPeaceAwardRecipients
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atoms_for_Peace_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeaceAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atoms_for_Peace_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtomsForPeace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parma http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parma http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parma http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInEmilia-Romagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Naples_Federico_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Naples_Federico_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Naples_Federico_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe13thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Process_(computing) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOperatingSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSemioticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPragmatists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDenver,Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorthwesternUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuggenheimFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSemioticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Morris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathing_gas http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBreathingGases
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathing_gas http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndustrialGases
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Greenwood_Tree http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Greenwood_Tree http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1872Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Greenwood_Tree http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByThomasHardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Greenwood_Tree http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsAboutMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Responsibility_for_the_September_11_attacks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParticipantsInTheSeptember11Attacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolo_Zeno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolo_Zeno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrettists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolo_Zeno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolo_Zeno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianOperaLibrettists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolo_Zeno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVenice(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolo_Zeno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolo_Zeno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolo_Zeno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalian-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCalabria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfUkraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfArmenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGreece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–verb–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfRomania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfApulia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTurkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGeorgia(country)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndo-EuropeanLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFusionalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAlbania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexamethylenediamine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexamethylenediamine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1978Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishSinglesChartNumber-oneSingles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumber-oneDebutSingles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Medium106254669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEMIRecordsSingles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUKSinglesChartNumber-oneSingles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumber-oneSinglesInAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksBasedOnWutheringHeights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumber-oneSinglesInNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumber-oneSinglesInBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumber-oneSinglesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDebutSingles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metcalfe's_law http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metcalfe's_law http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrench-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfLaFrancophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1867
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Dublin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Dublin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1590s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Dublin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_19 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_19 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSystemsSciencesAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAwardsEstablishedIn1966
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Award106696483
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScienceAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_Award http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villette_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villette_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByCharlotteBrontë
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villette_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1853Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villette_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInTheCaribbean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1810
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionOfSouthAmericanNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWuppertal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheRhineProvince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromJena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExpatriatesInAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Carnap http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuggenheimFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishSilentFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishDramaFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlack-and-whiteFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsBasedOnNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsDirectedByMauritzStiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Movie106613686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1924Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsBasedOnWorksBySelmaLagerlöf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1920sRomanticDramaFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitoba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitoba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/District108552138
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitoba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianPrairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitoba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincesAndTerritoriesOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInterdisciplinaryFields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesInKent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInKent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAreasOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfBromley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Elgin_Dodge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNiles,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Elgin_Dodge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMachinists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Elgin_Dodge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Elgin_Dodge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Elgin_Dodge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleInTheAutomobileIndustry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Elgin_Dodge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDetroit,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Elgin_Dodge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Elgin_Dodge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Elgin_Dodge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotivePioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurnell,_New_South_Wales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInNewSouthWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurnell,_New_South_Wales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurnell,_New_South_Wales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSuburbsOfSydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/41_(number) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Number105121418
http://dbpedia.org/resource/41_(number) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntegers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/41_(number) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrimeNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycle_(music) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_16 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_16 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln's_Inn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInCamden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln's_Inn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedLawBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln's_Inn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLegalBuildingsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln's_Inn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIIListedBuildingsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln's_Inn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedBuildingsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn27BC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfAncientAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesOnTheItalianPeninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bass_(optician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstrumentMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bass_(optician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideal_(ring_theory) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgebraicStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreek–EnglishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfAllSoulsCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishGuerrillas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtTheCityOfOxfordHighSchoolForBoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleOfIrishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAsexualMen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWelshScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuerrillaWarfareTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuerrillas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishArmyGeneralListOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompanionsOfTheDistinguishedServiceOrder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrench–EnglishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsToEnglish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEdwardianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishOrientalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromFrench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalTankRegimentSoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalArtillerySoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompanionsOfTheOrderOfTheBath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarISpies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfMagdalenCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCaernarfonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishIntelligenceOperatives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorcycleAccidentVictims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfJesusCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMecklenburgCounty,NorthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInNorthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInNorthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1755
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_9 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_9 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_County,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_County,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYorkCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nernst_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nernst_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectrochemicalEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1820
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicUniversitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOakRidgeAssociatedUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInIndiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddystone_Lighthouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTowersCompletedIn1882
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddystone_Lighthouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Beacon102814860
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn660BC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEastAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchipelagoesOfThePacificOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNortheastAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchipelagoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToProtestantismFromJudaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLegnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWrocław
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfSilesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToChristianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGentlemanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToChristianityFromJudaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Kronecker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_DB http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFreeDatabaseManagementSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_DB http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Software106566077
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_DB http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDatabaseManagementSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctPoliticalPartiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Pure_Reason http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1781Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Pure_Reason http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Pure_Reason http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophyBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Pure_Reason http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByImmanuelKant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Pure_Reason http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1787
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYorkStateHeritageAreas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyAmericanIndustrialCenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheHudsonRiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInRensselaerCounty,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerVillagesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerTownsInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictogram http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraphemes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictogram http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSymbols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictogram http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPetroglyphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictogram http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrehistoricInscriptions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictogram http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatisticalChartsAndDiagrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictogram http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritingSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPartiesEstablishedIn1919
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPartiesInTheWeimarRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBannedFar-rightParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFar-rightPoliticalParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaziParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsDisestablishedIn1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPartiesDisestablishedIn1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Party108256968
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1919
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaziPartyOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctPoliticalParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalistParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFascistParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctPoliticalPartiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPartiesEstablishedIn1920
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnti-communistOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Party http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPartiesOfSingle-partySystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_nucleus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubatomicParticles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perikaryon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeurons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_21 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_21 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gotthelf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gotthelf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gotthelf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColumbiaUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gotthelf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gotthelf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gotthelf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gotthelf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gotthelf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gotthelf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatObjectivismScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasschule_zu_Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/School108276720
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasschule_zu_Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicSchoolsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasschule_zu_Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHighSchoolsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasschule_zu_Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasschule_zu_Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBoardingSchoolsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasschule_zu_Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasschule_zu_Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe13thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Forty_Acres http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBacklotSets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_modification http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCulturalTrends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInTheCaribbean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheDutchLanguageUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutch-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_catalogue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalCataloguesOfStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_catalogue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalCatalogues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glossary_of_musical_terminology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlossariesOfMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glossary_of_musical_terminology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlossaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInTowerHamlets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctPrisonsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatReportedlyHauntedLocationsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegimentalMuseumsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsOnTheRiverThames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFortificationsOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrisonsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocalMuseumsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalResidencesInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrisonsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryMuseumsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScheduledAncientMonumentsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTowersInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Memorial103743902
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIowaPopulatedPlacesOnTheMississippiRiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInDesMoinesCounty,Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesColonialAndTerritorialCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elimination_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorthAmerica-exclusiveVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elimination_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPongVariations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elimination_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1974VideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elimination_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArcadeGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elimination_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtariArcadeGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_(physics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatThermodynamicProperties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_(physics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Measure100033615
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_(physics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRichmondSpidersFootballCoaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Coach109931640
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBrussels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryFlemishPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryFlemishPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSurgeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_den_Spiegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elasticity_(physics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecturalElements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_22 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_22 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabric_(club) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNightclubs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabric_(club) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNightclubsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabric_(club) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNightclubsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabric_(club) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEventVenuesEstablishedIn1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabric_(club) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Venue108677628
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInOhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInCuyahogaCounty,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarborsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheGreatLakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheUndergroundRailroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInlandPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1796
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInOhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Olympic_Committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommittees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Olympic_Committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalSportsFederations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Olympic_Committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1894
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Olympic_Committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInLausanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Olympic_Committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalOlympicCommittees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Olympic_Committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Olympic_Committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnti-dopingOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Olympic_Committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTennisOrganisations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Olympic_Committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishTelevisionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticsOfReligions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHumorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSatirists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUsenetPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCRadioProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-fictionEnvironmentalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInteractiveFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAudioBookNarrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishComedyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnimalRightsAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtBrentwoodSchool(Essex)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishChildWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishRadioWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfStJohn'sCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheismActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_complex http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgebraicVarieties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Coast_(California) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Coast_(California) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-metropolitanDistricts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-metropolitanDistrictsOfCambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInCambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountyTownsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocalGovernmentDistrictsOfTheEastOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheCBPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheEastOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanticPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCockermouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtHawksheadGrammarSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianMystics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithDurhamUniversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfStJohn'sCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wordsworth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSonneteers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCollègeStanislasDeParisAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarineBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGironde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcoleNavaleAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAquanauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchNavyOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHonoraryCompanionsOfTheOrderOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompanionsOfTheOrderOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDirectorsOfBestDocumentaryFeatureAcademyAwardWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEcologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEnvironmentalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchDocumentaryFilmmakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBAFTAFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchSailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOceanographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnderwaterPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOfficersOfTheOrdreDuMériteMaritime(France)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaritimeWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMarineBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocumentaryFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalScottishAcademicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryScottishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanticPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishJewellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortraitArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryScottishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheScottishEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishKnights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtGeorgeHeriot'sSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raeburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPortraitPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgar_Howarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCannock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgar_Howarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfManchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgar_Howarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgar_Howarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgar_Howarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBrassBandComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgar_Howarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheRoyalNorthernCollegeOfMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contrast_(vision) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometricalOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contrast_(vision) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Shelf_Station_Two http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnderwaterHabitats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAboriginalPeoplesInQuebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousPeoplesOfNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAboriginalPeoplesInCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAboriginalPeoplesInTheArctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAboriginalPeoplesInCanadianTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAboriginalPeoplesInAtlanticCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBretonDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchIllustrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheLinneanSocietyOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWildlifeArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificIllustrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHaitianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersWhoIllustratedTheirOwnWriting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanIllustrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAdoptees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSudDepartment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanicalIllustrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBirdArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAmericanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaintersFromKentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNatureWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdopteesAdoptedByRelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtistsFromNewOrleans,Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdoptees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewOrleans,Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_vessel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorationShips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_vessel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSurveyShips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_Saint_Benedict http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_Saint_Benedict http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInstitutesOfConsecratedLife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recurrence_relation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recurrence_relation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSequencesAndSeries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAfghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTajikistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfIran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIranianLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfPakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfIraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–object–verbLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthwesternIranianLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfUzbekistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBahrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHolyRomanEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanKings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Roman_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortugueseExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortuguesePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryPortuguesePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissancePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortugueseSailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnvironments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Poiret http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Poiret http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchFashionDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Poiret http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernoulli's_principle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernoulli's_principle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrinciples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernoulli's_principle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquationsOfFluidDynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernoulli's_principle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicsTheorems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Functionalism_(architecture) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecturalStyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Functionalism_(architecture) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryArchitecturalStyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Functionalism_(architecture) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Fester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComicsCharactersIntroducedIn1938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Fester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheAddamsFamilyCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Fester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Fester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/FictionalCharacter109587565
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMEmployees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukeUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInformationTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerHardwareEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTuringAwardLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cocke http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInTexas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesAccreditedByTheSouthernAssociationOfCollegesAndSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1891
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOakRidgeAssociatedUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInHouston,Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subdivision_(land) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlannedResidentialDevelopments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMonks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIncorruptSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedievalItalianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryChristianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCalabria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Saint110546850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryChristianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfCosenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPaola,Calabria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianMystics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Paola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianHermits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohiro_Nishikado http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJapaneseVideoGameDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohiro_Nishikado http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohiro_Nishikado http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohiro_Nishikado http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJapanesePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfLondonOnTheRiverThames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAreasOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfGreenwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfLondonListedInTheDomesdayBook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromFrench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfEducation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWeimar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedicalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsOfWilliamShakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheatreTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheDuchyOfWürttemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish–GermanTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrench–GermanTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleByCityInBaden-Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsToGerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languagePoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromGreek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMarbachAmNeckar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromStuttgart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromLatin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromBaden-Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Schiller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_analysis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_analysis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_30 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_30 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfItalianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfMertonCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfArt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinentalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScholarsOfAntisemitism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGoetheUniversityFrankfurtAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExilliteraturWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialPsychologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFrankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunicationScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticalTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMusicologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMusicCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMenSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHesse-Nassau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_W._Adorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfItalianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Mosley_Moule http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfQueens'College,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Mosley_Moule http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Library_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInTurin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Library_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrariesInTurin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Library_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrariesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Library_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Library_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResidencesOfTheRoyalHouseOfSavoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesDisestablishedIn1857
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTradingCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColonialIndianCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctCompaniesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1600
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharteredCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydropower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnergeticMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydropower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSustainableTechnologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardMedicalSchoolAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBrooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfHaitianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHaitianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincetonUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPort-au-Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSurgeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effect_size http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalPsychologyResearchMethods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_18 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_18 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoundheads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfSidneySussexCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfState
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegicidesOfCharlesI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHuntingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExhumedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfWelshDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEly,Cambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersWhoTookPowerByCoup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFarmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGothicSitesInTuscany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoastalCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movement_(music) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormalSectionsInMusicAnalysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movement_(music) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalScales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_disjunction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicalConnectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Enthusiasm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenAnimators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Enthusiasm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAnimators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Enthusiasm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFemaleSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Enthusiasm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Enthusiasm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusiciansFromMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Enthusiasm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBostonUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Enthusiasm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFemaleNewWaveSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancashire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-metropolitanCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancashire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancashire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancashire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfEnglandEstablishedInAntiquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancashire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS2StatisticalRegionsOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_riot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_riot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStudentProtests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglicanism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianDenominationalFamilies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hill,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesInOhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hill,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesInMiamiCounty,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hill,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hill,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInOhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRepublicanParty(UnitedStates)Politicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesSenatorsFromNewMexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatApolloProgramAstronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRepublicanPartyUnitedStatesSenators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStateCabinetSecretariesOfNewMexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewMexicoPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWhoHaveWalkedOnTheMoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Astronaut109818022
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPenroseMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewMexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClimateChangeSkeptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGrantCounty,NewMexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Senator110578471
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Schmitt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtStPaul'sGirls'School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWomenScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRadcliffeCollegeAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWomenScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWendover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfPrussianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLexington,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBuckinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfNewnhamCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Payne-Gaposchkin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_propagation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMoscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromYekaterinoslavGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedicalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMoscowStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianWritersOfUkrainianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTaganrog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussian-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPushkinPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chekhov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_diving_technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnologyTimelines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_diving_technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTimelines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatisticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDifferentialGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBrunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBraunschweig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMentalCalculators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Gauss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandenburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandenburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS1StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandenburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheHolyRomanEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandenburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandenburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1990
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfIsère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrefecturesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSkiAreasAndResortsInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CYK_algorithm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithmsOnStrings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CYK_algorithm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParsingAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CYK_algorithm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CYK_algorithm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_at_the_End_of_the_Universe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComicScienceFictionNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_at_the_End_of_the_Universe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_at_the_End_of_the_Universe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1980Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_at_the_End_of_the_Universe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByDouglasAdams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_at_the_End_of_the_Universe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScienceFictionNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlack-and-whiteTelevisionPrograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1960AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1962AmericanTelevisionSeriesEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wash_(painting) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaintingTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_dollar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCirculatingCurrencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_dollar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Currency113385913
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_dollar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCurrencySymbols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_dollar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCurrenciesOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_dollar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCurrenciesByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_dollar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCurrenciesOfTheAmericas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingNicaragua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSouthKorea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingThePeople'sRepublicOfChina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingVietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolution-basedCivilWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColdWarConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingNorthKorea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunism-basedCivilWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingThePhilippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingLaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCambodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingThailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuerrillaWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheStatesAndPeoplesOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahabah http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSunniViews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahabah http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShiaViews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_Hospitaller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicOrdersAndSocieties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_Hospitaller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCatholicChivalricOrders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_Hospitaller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrdersOfKnighthood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_Hospitaller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrdersOfKnighthoodOfSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_Hospitaller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryOrders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Clement_Sabine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOhioStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Clement_Sabine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Clement_Sabine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Clement_Sabine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Clement_Sabine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Clement_Sabine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Clement_Sabine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Orthodox_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChurchBuildingsInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Orthodox_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalChurches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Orthodox_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Church103028079
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_influence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleMurderedInTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssassinatedPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVyatkaGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianMurderVictims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderVictims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAzerbaijaniPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromUrzhum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Kirov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_game_console http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_game_console http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHobbies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_game_console http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Geographical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1830
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Geographical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClubsAndSocietiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Geographical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Geographical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdomWithRoyalPatronage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Geographical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeographyOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Geographical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubdivisionsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthernUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1790
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlannedCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1790
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlannedCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalDistrictsAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnThePotomacRiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlannedCitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_One_Years http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Medium106254669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_One_Years http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2006Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChildren'sNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2008Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsAboutArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremadog http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesInGwynedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremadog http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1811
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremadog http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremadog http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInGwynedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsBasedOnBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyAdventureFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsDirectedByFritzLang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExpressionistFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1920sFantasyFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlack-and-whiteFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsAboutDragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpicFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Movie106613686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsOfTheWeimarRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1924Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanFantasyFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSilentFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsBasedOnNorseMythology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBabelsbergStudioFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanDramaFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat4th-centuryByzantinePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRomanConsuls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEasternOrthodoxSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat4th-centuryByzantineEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat4th-centuryPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfSegovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat4th-centuryRomanEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrative_mode http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5th_century http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyMiddleAges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5th_century http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCenturies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFinnishInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOperatingSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHaute-Vienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcolePolytechniqueAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiscoverersOfChemicalElements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcoleDesPontsParisTechAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Gay-Lussac http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Age http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArticlesWhichContainGraphicalTimelines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Age http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeriodsAndStagesInArchaeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChinesePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Lake109328904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSeasOfTheIndianOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Ocean109376198
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarginalSeasOfTheIndianOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiblicalPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_sexual_activity http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntimateRelationships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_sexual_activity http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSexualActs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generalizations_of_the_derivative http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeneralizationsOfTheDerivative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Hall_(Harvard_University) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheatresInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Hall_(Harvard_University) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolBuildingsCompletedIn1877
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Hall_(Harvard_University) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInCambridge,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Hall_(Harvard_University) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Hall_(Harvard_University) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresOnTheNationalRegisterOfHistoricPlacesInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria-Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1918
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria-Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1867
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria-Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria-Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condorcet_method http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectoralSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condorcet_method http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCondorcetMethods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condorcet_method http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicsParadoxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condorcet_method http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPreferentialElectoralSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condorcet_method http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVotingSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condorcet_method http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingle-winnerElectoralSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Native http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsBasedOnBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Native http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksByThomasHardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Native http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Movie106613686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Native http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Native http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decorative_arts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecturalElements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decorative_arts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGardeningAids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decorative_arts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeoclassicalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCatholicPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBinfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheCityOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAgeOfEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishCatholicPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtTwyfordSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSatirists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWithDwarfism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Advanced_Study http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Advanced_Study http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Advanced_Study http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Advanced_Study http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSomeInstitutesForAdvancedStudy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Value_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAxiologicalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParadoxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBirthdays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicsParadoxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityTheoryParadoxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNamedProbabilityProblems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalProblems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Series_(stratigraphy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeologyTimelines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Series_(stratigraphy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitsOfTime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4K_resolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4K_resolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoFormats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4K_resolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionTransmissionStandards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheUniversityOfReading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianExpatriatesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianEmigrantsToTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVisualizationExperts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromVienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInformationGraphicDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianExpatriatesInTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleInternedInTheIsleOfManDuringWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfSocialScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Neurath http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianRefugees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_(region) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_(region) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS1StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_(region) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_(region) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS1StatisticalRegionsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Fernez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Fernez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDivingEquipmentInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Fernez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaviesByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_T._Kirk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStarTrekCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_T._Kirk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_T._Kirk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCharactersFromIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_T._Kirk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCharactersIntroducedIn1966
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_T._Kirk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/FictionalCharacter109587565
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_T._Kirk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStarTrek(filmFranchise)Characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gramophone_record http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerStorageMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gramophone_record http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthernUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheConfederateStatesOfAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1789
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConfederateStatesOfAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1857Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByCharlotteBrontë
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDebutNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaroquePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicChurchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianBaroquePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfMalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissanceArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadville,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInCrawfordCounty,Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadville,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1788
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadville,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadville,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInCrawfordCounty,Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadville,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCapeVerde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAngola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSãoToméAndPríncipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBrazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfPortugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMozambique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIberianRomanceLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–verb–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGuinea-Bissau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMacau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEastTimor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSurgeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromModena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianSurgeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianRomanCatholicPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Falloppio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissancePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_(assessment) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolExaminations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_(assessment) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStandardizedTests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_(assessment) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_degree http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_degree http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatQualifications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_degree http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegreesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_degree http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegreesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_degree http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalQualificationsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregational_church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishDissenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Bennett_Cup_(auto_racing) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Bennett_Cup_(auto_racing) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRecurringEventsDisestablishedIn1905
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInCanadaWithRoyalPatronage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1827
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlanetsOfTheSolarSystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHabitableZonePlanets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Planet109394007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTerrestrialPlanets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliability_engineering http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aether_(classical_element) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aether_(classical_element) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aether_(classical_element) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAetherTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aether_(classical_element) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalElements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aether_(classical_element) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatObsoleteScientificTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreekAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreekPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat4th-centuryBCPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat4th-centuryBCGreekPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreekWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cajal_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInTheCommunityOfMadrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cajal_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Panthers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalFootballLeagueTeams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Panthers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Team108208560
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Panthers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsClubsEstablishedIn1995
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Panthers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFootballTeamsInNorthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architectural_design_values http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAesthetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tefal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tefal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tefal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1956
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tefal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHomeApplianceManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtMidhurstGrammarSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfLondonExternalSystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLabourParty(UK)Politicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBromley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersWhoIllustratedTheirOwnWriting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEdwardianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWesternWritersAboutSovietRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfImperialCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticsOfCatholicism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Mylius-Erichsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Mylius-Erichsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfTheArctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Mylius-Erichsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Mylius-Erichsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Mylius-Erichsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Mylius-Erichsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolarExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1967AmericanTelevisionSeriesEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlack-and-whiteTelevisionPrograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1962TelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1962AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_documentary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcoleNationaleSupérieureDesArtsDécoratifsAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeopleOfSpanishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfSpanishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPrintmakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Picabia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSurrealistWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacetime http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Expedition100968479
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExpeditionsToTheInternationalSpaceStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Spaceflight100313502
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingPortugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheDutchRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlobalConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglo-FrenchWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFamilyTrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingGreatBritain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsOfSuccession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spanish_Succession http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1776
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Languages_of_Asia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secret_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/LawEnforcementAgency108348815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secret_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesIntelligenceAgencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secret_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1865
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secret_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLawEnforcementAgenciesOfTheDistrictOfColumbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Secret_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalLawEnforcementAgenciesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOceanographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictimsOfAviationAccidentsOrIncidentsInPortugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchOceanographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAquanauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromToulon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSex-positiveFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialistFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFeministPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFreeLoveAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBesançon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUtopianSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibertarianSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilimanjaro_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMontyPythonSketches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baroque http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDecorativeArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baroque http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trailer_(promotion) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarketingTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trailer_(promotion) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHomeVideoSupplements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trailer_(promotion) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdvertisingTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1876
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInBaltimore,Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOakRidgeAssociatedUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe14thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Wesleyan_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Wesleyan_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUSCAAMemberInstitutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Wesleyan_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1842
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Wesleyan_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameDevelopmentCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1972
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctComputerCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctVideoGameCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamePublishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesDisestablishedIn1984
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInSunnyvale,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_1963 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonthsInThe1900s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crust_(geology) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyrics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyrics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyrics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLyrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miesbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miesbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miesbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushido http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCodesOfConduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushido http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRituals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushido http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJapaneseMartialArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tissue_(biology) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTissues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorer_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNASASpaceProbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorer_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Spacecraft104264914
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorer_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSatellites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renewable_energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhotovoltaicPowerStations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Army http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsEstablishedIn1707
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Army http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/FictionalCharacter109587565
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComicsCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharactersInDisneyPackageFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingdomHeartsCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalAnthropomorphicCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComicStrips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCharactersIntroducedIn1928
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisneyCoreUniverseCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnimatedCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisneyComicsCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loiret http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Department108114861
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loiret http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDepartmentsOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLand-grantUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1861
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlassScienceInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInCambridge,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnicalUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringUniversitiesAndCollegesInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsSponsoredByTheDepartmentForCulture,MediaAndSport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMuseumsAndGalleriesInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsOfAncientRomeInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMesoamericanArtMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAsianArtMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsOfAncientNearEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnographicMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumismaticMuseumsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsOfAncientGreece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorologicalMuseumsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalMuseumsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsEstablishedIn1753
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Museum103800563
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorologicalMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInCamden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatASEMUSMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSyro-HittiteStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInTurkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInAleppoGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiblicalPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInSyria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInTheMiddleEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerPopulatedPlacesInSyria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInSoutheasternAnatolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHittiteCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchemish http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanTownsAndCitiesInSyria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandPrincesOfTuscany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centurySpanishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishPeopleOfItalianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfSicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfParma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheOrderOfSaintJanuarius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheWarOfThePolishSuccession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheSacredMilitaryConstantinianOrderOfSaintGeorge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSmallpoxSurvivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeopleOfSpanishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheOrderOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMadrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishPeopleOfTheSevenYears'War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNaples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfNaples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfSantiago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfPiacenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMonarchsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishPeopleOfTheAmericanRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAgeOfEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeneralsOfFormerItalianStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsWhoAbdicated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsOfNaples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAudioEquipmentManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnNASDAQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheLondonStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHomeComputerHardwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectronicsCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultinationalCompaniesHeadquarteredInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInCupertino,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerHardwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1976
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInSantaClaraCounty,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPubliclyTradedCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareCompaniesBasedInTheSanFranciscoBayArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectronicsCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRetailCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInSiliconValley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisplayTechnologyCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnologyCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMobilePhoneManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworkingHardwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheNewYorkStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortableAudioPlayerManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesInTheNASDAQ-100Index
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedAirlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAirlinesEstablishedIn1934
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Airline102690081
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAirlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheNewYorkStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1926
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAirlinesEstablishedIn1933
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesInTheNASDAQ-100Index
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAirlinesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInChicago,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Freiherr_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBarons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Freiherr_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSculptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Freiherr_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Freiherr_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMunich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Freiherr_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronsOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfGonvilleAndCaiusCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtTheKing'sSchool,Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfMertonCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheMedicalCollegeOfStBartholomew'sHospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFolkestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheTudorPeriod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheStuartPeriod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWardensOfMertonCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harvey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoreticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheDutchGoldenAge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMicroscopists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatisticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOriginalFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiscoverersOfMoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeidenUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheHague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstrumentMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Huygens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheGreatLakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInOttawaCounty,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInAlleganCounty,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1847
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfStAndrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishScholarsAndAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDundee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishMineralogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMinistersOfTheChurchOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFounderFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryScottishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheScottishEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryScottishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playfair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Nussey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGomersal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Nussey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Nussey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perspective_(visual) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaintingTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complex_analysis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapienza_University_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapienza_University_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapienza_University_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapienza_University_of_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe14thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelf_(storage) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStorageSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antiquities http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalArtifacts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victorian_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClubsAndSocietiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victorian_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1958
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victorian_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitectureOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victorian_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeritageOrganisationsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victorian_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharitiesBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victorian_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtsOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_bug http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommittees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJointCommittees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_committee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJointCommitteesOfTheUnitedStatesCongress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_(truth) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInEpistemology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_(truth) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Array_data_structure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArrays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Array_data_structure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDataStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuition_payments http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPayments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setbacks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolboyQAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setbacks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGangstaRapAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setbacks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2011DebutAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setbacks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByFocus...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setbacks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTopDawgEntertainmentAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setbacks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Project http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryProjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Project http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtomicBombingsOfHiroshimaAndNagasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Project http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSecretMilitaryPrograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Project http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicsExperiments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Project http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProjectsEstablishedIn1942
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaux-Arts_architecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecturalStyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaux-Arts_architecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeoclassicalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaux-Arts_architecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevivalArchitecturalStyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graph_of_a_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graph_of_a_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionsAndMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_biology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFisheries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheBritishComputerSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComputerProgrammers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTuringAwardLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCaseWesternReserveUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraceMurrayHopperAwardLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInformationTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingLanguageDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanMathematicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWordWaysPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTechnologyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMilwaukee,Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfSocietyForIndustrialAndAppliedMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTypographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFreeSoftwareProgrammers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormalMethodsPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAssociationForComputingMachinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuggenheimFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Knuth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sea109426788
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Ocean109376198
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEuropeanSeas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarginalSeas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSeasOfTheAtlanticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Package_testing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exponential_backoff http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworkingAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exponential_backoff http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exponential_backoff http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworkProtocols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstrumentMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFaenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelista_Torricelli http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialFreeCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe1stCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInHesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInHesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInHesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Castle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInDublin(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Castle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCastlesInDublin(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Castle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentBuildingsInTheRepublicOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Castle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentHousesOfTheBritishEmpireAndCommonwealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Castle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentBuildingsInIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Castle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCastlesInIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMaryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAnneArundelCounty,Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAbolitionists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBaltimore,Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanQuakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collegiality http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collegiality http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInterpersonalRelationships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsey_Reports http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1953Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsey_Reports http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNon-fictionBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsey_Reports http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByPaulGebhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsey_Reports http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByWardellPomeroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsey_Reports http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1948Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsey_Reports http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-fictionBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Function_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionsAndMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Function_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBasicConceptsInSetTheory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Function_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElementarySpecialFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arecibo_message http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTimeCapsules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLegnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromŻary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfBrandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallisticsExperts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kummer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutheranism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianDenominations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutheranism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianDenominationalFamilies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSingapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSino-TibetanLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfChina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMalaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfHongKong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTaiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfVietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIsolatingLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfIndonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTonalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCambodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Successor_ordinal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Successor_ordinal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrdinalNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanMaleRappers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEastCoastHipHopMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanRecordProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCashvilleRecordsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHipHopRecordProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToIslam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.D.I._Mean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_le_Prieur http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLorient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_le_Prieur http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_le_Prieur http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcoleNavaleAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_le_Prieur http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchNavyOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_le_Prieur http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeaponDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_le_Prieur http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchExpatriatesInJapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_le_Prieur http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_le_Prieur http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_power_transmission http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricPowerTransmissionSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecular_mass http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalProperties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecular_mass http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitsOfChemicalMeasurement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_4 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_4 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheRhineProvince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticsOfReligions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanTaxResisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersAboutGlobalization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmigrants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMenSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPrussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatelessPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheRoyalSocietyOfArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnti–deathPenaltyActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaterialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicsWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxianEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfEconomicThought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmigrantsToTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1740s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInMercerCounty,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComicStripCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCaricaturists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtistsFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComicStripCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChicagoTribunePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExpressionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyonel_Feininger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minesweeper_(ship) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMinesweepers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_See http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_See http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeastDevelopedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBantuCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1975
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfOPEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortuguese-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCentralAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommunityOfPortugueseLanguageCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1977_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsInTulsa,Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1977_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Tournament107464725
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Science_Association http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1831
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Science_Association http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Science_Association http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Science_Association http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLesbianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBisexualWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTPeopleFromEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTWritersFromEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWithBipolarDisorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernistWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKensington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRhetoricians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFeministWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBisexualWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWomenNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEdwardianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersWhoCommittedSuicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTPeopleInAndAroundTheBloomsburyGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernistWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfKing'sCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Woolf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Expressionism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMovementsInCinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Expressionism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Magnete http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1600Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Magnete http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicsBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingPeru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingIran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingThePhilippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1941
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheRepublicOfChina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1943
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingFinland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingLiberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingLebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingRomania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingVietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCostaRica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingColombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingUruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingAlbania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSriLanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingLaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlobalConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingMongolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSyria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingNicaragua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingPanama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingPoland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingParaguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSlovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingMexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingGuatemala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSouthAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingChile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBolivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingLithuania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingEthiopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingGreece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBurma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSlovakia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingNepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingVenezuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingHungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCambodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSerbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBrazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1939
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1942
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingHonduras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingIceland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingLatvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingEgypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1940
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingHaiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1944
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCzechoslovakia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingIraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingThailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingElSalvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSaudiArabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingNorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingMontenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingLuxembourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingYugoslavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingEcuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCroatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTurkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingJapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingEstonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBritishIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheDominicanRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingIndonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Agency108337324
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpaceAgencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentAgenciesEstablishedIn1958
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInWashington,D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymer_chemistry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolymers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Georg_Weitsch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKunstakademieDüsseldorfAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Georg_Weitsch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCourtPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Georg_Weitsch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Georg_Weitsch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Georg_Weitsch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBraunschweig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Georg_Weitsch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBrunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Georg_Weitsch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProposedStatesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCaribbeanIslandsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInTheCaribbean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCaribbeanIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDependentTerritoriesInNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInsularAreasOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1898
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfPuertoRico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTerritoriesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithmsOnStrings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konzerthaus_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheatresInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konzerthaus_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheatresInBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konzerthaus_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konzerthaus_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInMitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Countries http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSeventeenProvinces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianSoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVerona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheLinneanSocietyOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWollastonMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEvolutionaryBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFullerianProfessorsOfPhysiology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEaling(LondonBorough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPalaeontologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfUniversityCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfThePolarStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromGerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRectorsOfTheUniversityOfAberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfImperialCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEaling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_University_Press http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_University_Press http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1586
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_University_Press http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_University_Press http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Publisher108062623
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_University_Press http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDepartmentsOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_University_Press http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublishingCompaniesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe1stCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInPostcodeAreasCoveringLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArthurianLocations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStaplePorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_technology_officer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_technology_officer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Occupation100582388
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_technology_officer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatManagementOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDesertsOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfIsrael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeserts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiblicalPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDesertsOfIsrael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewTestamentPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHebrewBiblePlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOverseasEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_21 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_21 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mawes_Castle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHeritageSitesInCornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mawes_Castle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Structure104341686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mawes_Castle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeviceForts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mawes_Castle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFortsInCornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elder_Brother http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1625Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elder_Brother http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlaysInManuscript
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elder_Brother http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishRenaissancePlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elder_Brother http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlaysByPhilipMassinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elder_Brother http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlaysByJohnFletcher(playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_14 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_14 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opposition_(politics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opposition_(politics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_(mathematical_logic) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_(mathematical_logic) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_(mathematical_logic) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicalExpressions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfLebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfro-AsiaticLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfIran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGibraltar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfYemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfIraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfLibya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfQatar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfComoros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMauritania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEritrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAlgeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfPalestine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCentralSemiticLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfKuwait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfJordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–verb–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTrinidadAndTobago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSaudiArabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVerb–subject–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfThePhilippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSomaliland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSyria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEgypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSemiticLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheUnitedArabEmirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfDjibouti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRequestsForAudioPronunciation(Arabic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMorocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfOman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStress-timedLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfIsrael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSomalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfChad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBahrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArticlesWhichContainGraphicalTimelines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_cement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Wales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Wales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubdivisionsOfWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_acting http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVoiceActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_acting http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRadioPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Hall,_Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicVenuesInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Hall,_Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalHistoricLandmarksInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Hall,_Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandmarksInBoston,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Hall,_Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConcertHalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Hall,_Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConcertHallsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Hall,_Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicVenuesCompletedIn1900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromManchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlackpoolF.C.Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglandInternationalFootballers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlackpoolF.C.Managers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheFootballLeaguePlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFootballers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheFootballLeagueRepresentativePlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDroylsdenF.C.Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFootballManagers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssociationFootballDefenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston_(footballer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatReadingF.C.Managers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_One http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionChannelsAndStationsEstablishedIn1936
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_One http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionChannelsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_One http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Channel103006398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_One http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionChannelsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_One http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageTelevisionStations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_One http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionChannels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distributed_computing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSupercomputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnThePinkSheets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFinancialServicesCompaniesOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1872
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultinationalCompaniesHeadquarteredInSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInvestmentManagementCompaniesOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheLondonStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLifeInsuranceCompaniesOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInsuranceCompaniesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBanksOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheSIXSwissExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Insurance_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInsuranceCompaniesOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromProvidence,RhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCthulhuMythosWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFantasyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeirdFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGhostwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromRhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPulpFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaterialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromRhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorrorWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHorrorWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNintendoEntertainmentSystemGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNintendo64Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtari2600Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSG-1000Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamesOfTheMuseumOfModernArt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIOSGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShooterVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/ComputerGame100458890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlayStationPortableGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtari8-bitFamilyGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVerticallyOrientedVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVirtualConsoleGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMobileGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWiiGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMidwayGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamesDevelopedInJapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTaitoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVirtualBoyGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlayStationNetworkGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCancelledDreamcastGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlayStationGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSuperNintendoEntertainmentSystemGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGameBoyGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGameBoyColorGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommodore64Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtari5200Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArcadeGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSuperNESGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWonderSwanGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSegaSaturnGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDOSGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZXSpectrumGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTigerHandheldGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1978VideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingle-player-onlyVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGameBoyAdvanceGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMSXGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invaders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWindowsGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Processor_register http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMicroprocessors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tanganyika http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Lake109328904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tanganyika http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanGreatLakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tanganyika http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLakesOfZambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tanganyika http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/BodyOfWater109225146
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tanganyika http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalLakesOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tanganyika http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLakesOfBurundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tanganyika http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLakesOfTheGreatRiftValley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tanganyika http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLakesOfTheDemocraticRepublicOfTheCongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tanganyika http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLakesOfTanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_Distinction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Order107168623
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_Distinction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilAwardsAndDecorationsOfJamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialFreeCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheHolyRomanEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe1stCenturyBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanStateCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1244
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsOfFormerNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanTownsAndCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInRhineland-Palatinate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInRhineland-Palatinate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInRhineland-Palatinate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheRhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDividedCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanLegions'CampsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadratic_form http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatQuadraticForms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/District108552138
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1788
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeII*ListedBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedBuildingsInCambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedEducationalBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSurgeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfViterbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Fabricius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runcible http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInManhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1750s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1754
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_(message) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaperProducts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrophotography http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhotographsByTopic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfBalticGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPrussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfArt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEastPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinentalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfSexuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNationalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestantPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKönigsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKaliningrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIdealists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKantianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpistemologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAnthropologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Kant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMoralPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinogradov's_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalTheorems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinogradov's_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoremsInNumberTheory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinogradov's_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoremsAboutPrimeNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portable_engine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStationarySteamEngines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portable_engine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSteamEngines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishBiochemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheBritishScienceAssociation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfLondonExternalSystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEastbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfKing'sCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtTheCityOfLondonSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysiologyOrMedicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gowland_Hopkins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfKing'sCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_2600 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtariConsoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_2600 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1980sToys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_2600 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1970sToys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_2600 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Appliance102729965
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_2600 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProductsIntroducedIn1977
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_2600 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1990sToys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_2600 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSecond-generationVideoGameConsoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_2600 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameConsoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalLiberals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMeteorologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGentlemanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientistsFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEcologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTScientistsFromGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanistsWithAuthorAbbreviations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheMargraviateOfBrandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatViadrinaEuropeanUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Humboldt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Order http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Order http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianReligiousOrdersEstablishedInThe13thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classical_antiquity http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArticlesWhichContainGraphicalTimelines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classical_antiquity http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalEras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogg_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandmarksInCambridge,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogg_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInCambridge,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogg_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityMuseumsInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogg_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMuseumsInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogg_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMuseumsEstablishedIn1896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogg_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Museum103800563
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogg_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia,_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInGreece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia,_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekSitesInGreece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia,_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanSitesInGreece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia,_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSanctuariesInGreece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia,_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfWestGreece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia,_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInThePeloponnese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia,_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia,_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekSanctuaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia,_Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInElis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locality_of_reference http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOperatingSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_access http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerData
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_access http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDataStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Continent109254614
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/YagoGeoEntity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economic_development http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlobalization-relatedTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFolkloristicCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHolidayCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLegendaryCreatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTutelaryDeities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharactersInFairyTales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScandinavianLegendaryCreatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristmasCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Bradshaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Bradshaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFinancialServicesCompaniesBasedInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Bradshaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateEquityFirmsOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Bradshaw http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn2003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watercolor_painting http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaintingTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RV_Calypso http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1940sShips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RV_Calypso http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShipsOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RV_Calypso http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIMinesweepersOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RV_Calypso http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1942Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RV_Calypso http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumShips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RV_Calypso http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBYMS-classMinesweepers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RV_Calypso http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumShipsInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Representative_democracy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_orientation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Disease114070360
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_orientation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInterpersonalRelationships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_to_Cairo_Railway http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalRailwayLines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_to_Cairo_Railway http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRailwayLines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boolean_algebra http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgebraicStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1836
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInTheUnitedStatesWithHispanicPluralityPopulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStatesGulfCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsOfFormerNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTexas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInTexas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFortBendCounty,Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMontgomeryCounty,Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInHarrisCounty,Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInTexas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInUkraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInLithuania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInPoland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDemographicsOfPoland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInBelarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInLatvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSlavicEthnicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goose http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCasablancaRecordsSingles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goose http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1974Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goose http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Medium106254669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNijkerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFoodScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPathologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromZaanstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiochemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHygienists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysiologyOrMedicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Eijkman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfUniversityCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromClarendonParish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_(chemist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsAboutOrphans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1900Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScienceFictionNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1900sFantasyNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMargravesOfNamur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSegovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfFlanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernorsOfTheHabsburgNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishRomanCatholicReligiousSistersAndNuns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfGuelders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfLuxembourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishPrincesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfCharolais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfBrabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfLothier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfHainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfBurgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centurySpanishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfSegovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centurySpanishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEightyYears'War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFemaleRegents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfArtois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchduchessesOfAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_22 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_22 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalieri's_principle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalTheorems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalieri's_principle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalPrinciples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalieri's_principle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrdersOfMagnitude(length)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiberalPartiesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Party108256968
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPartiesDisestablishedIn1988
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctLiberalPoliticalParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialDemocraticPartiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalLiberalParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPartiesEstablishedIn1859
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctPoliticalParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiberalParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Party_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctPoliticalPartiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statement_(logic) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statement_(logic) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_novel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_novel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSentimentalNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_novel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanceNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooter_game http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShooterVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooter_game http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportUtilityVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRear-wheel-driveVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2000sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2010sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAll-wheel-driveVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Car102958343
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExpandedLengthSportUtilityVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFull-sizeSportUtilityVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1990sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehiclesManufacturedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlexible-fuelVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVehiclesIntroducedIn1996
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Expedition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcolePolytechniqueAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGroupTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMinesParisTechAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlsInThePeerageOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishRepresentativePeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCountyCork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTrinityCollege,Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfStPatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfMagdalenCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBirr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parsons,_3rd_Earl_of_Rosse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryIrishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First-order_logic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSystemsOfFormalLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHebrewBibleCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewTestamentCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInIsrael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmarnaLettersLocations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInTheWestBank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeighbourhoodsOfJerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInJerusalemDistrict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslamicHolyPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiblicalPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHolyCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanaaniteCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishHolyPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisputedTerritoriesInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTorahCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInIsrael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewTestamentPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInThePalestinianTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eventing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOlympicSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eventing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCombinationEvents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eventing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquestrianSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eventing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitarySports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqua-lung http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDivingEquipmentManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRobertE.HowardCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharactersInFantasyLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConanTheBarbarianCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/FictionalCharacter109587565
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharactersInPulpFiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComicsCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCharactersIntroducedIn1932
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyFilmCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarvelComicsCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInEdinburghWithRoyalPatronage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1580s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Deprez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Deprez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Deprez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Deprez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Deprez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Deprez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Deprez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1634
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerMunicipalitiesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYorkCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBoroughsOfNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_W._Avery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDansville,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_W._Avery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFerrisStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_W._Avery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsAndVillagesInCountyLimerick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVikingAgePopulatedPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheRepublicOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInTheRepublicOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountyTownsInTheRepublicOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe2ndMillenniumBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInTunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediterraneanPortCitiesAndTownsInTunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInTunisGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInTunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Cove http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctPrisonsInSydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Cove http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianPenalColonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Cove http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaysOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Cove http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Ocean109376198
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Lunar_Module http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMissionsToTheMoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_structure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalProperties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAwardsEstablishedIn1895
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeaceAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Award106696483
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Prize http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGalway,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAlbany,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaratogaCounty,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSecretariesOfTheSmithsonianInstitution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_11 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_11 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leicester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leicester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leicester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1921
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leicester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_York_(Greenland) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Cape109233715
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_York_(Greenland) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadlandsOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Africanist_Congress_of_Azania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPan-AfricanistOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Africanist_Congress_of_Azania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Party108256968
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Africanist_Congress_of_Azania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnti-ApartheidOrganisations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Africanist_Congress_of_Azania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInJohannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Africanist_Congress_of_Azania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialistParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Africanist_Congress_of_Azania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialistPartiesInSouthAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Africanist_Congress_of_Azania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalistParties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Africanist_Congress_of_Azania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPartiesInSouthAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Africanist_Congress_of_Azania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPartiesEstablishedIn1959
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Alive_(BBC_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Television106277280
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Alive_(BBC_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionDocumentaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19th_century http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCenturies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheIndianOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLesserSundaIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfIndonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincesOfIndonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_letter_writers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenInHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1814
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS2StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNordicCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_development_methodology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareDevelopmentPhilosophies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOhioStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDuPontPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatManchesterUniversity(Indiana)Alumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromClarkCounty,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolymerScientistsAndEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_J._Plunkett http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legislative_Assembly_of_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLegislativeAssembliesOfCanadianProvincesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legislative_Assembly_of_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Legislature108163273
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legislative_Assembly_of_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnicameralLegislatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_illustration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtisticTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWestPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheUniversityOfZurich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInChemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWąbrzeźno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventorsOfMusicalInstruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Nernst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfPolishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Zoo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Zoo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedZooBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Zoo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedBuildingsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Zoo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInTheCityOfWestminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Zoo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIIListedBuildingsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Zoo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeII*ListedBuildingsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_rate_units http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitsOfFlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_rate_units http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitsOfInformation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishBeatifiedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat12th-centuryChristianMartyrs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicRoyalSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Saint110546850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBeatifiedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPrinces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderedMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat12th-centuryChristianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianMartyrsOfTheMiddleAges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchBeatifiedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBelgianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfFlanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBelgianBeatifiedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Count_of_Flanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfVenezuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfElSalvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGuatemala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGibraltar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfHonduras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfPeru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAndorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfArgentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanceLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBelize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheCaribbean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfChile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTrinidadAndTobago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–verb–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBolivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfNicaragua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEcuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfUruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIberianRomanceLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEquatorialGuinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfPanama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMorocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheDominicanRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfThePhilippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfColombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCostaRica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfParaguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1581
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKamenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfArt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBraunschweig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFabulists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromUpperLusatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheElectorateOfSaxony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAgeOfEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaxony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Ephraim_Lessing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWolfenbüttel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUpperGermanLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanDialects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTrentino-AltoAdige/Südtirol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquetta_Hawkes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquetta_Hawkes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquetta_Hawkes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquetta_Hawkes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNon-fictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquetta_Hawkes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquetta_Hawkes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquetta_Hawkes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannes_Film_Festival http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRecurringEventsEstablishedIn1939
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannes_Film_Festival http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/FilmFestival100517418
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannes_Film_Festival http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalFilmFestivals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannes_Film_Festival http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMayEvents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannes_Film_Festival http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmFestivalsInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannes_Film_Festival http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVisitorAttractionsInAlpes-Maritimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institution_of_Civil_Engineers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1818
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institution_of_Civil_Engineers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institution_of_Civil_Engineers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProfessionalAssociationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExecutedForTreasonAgainstEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutedEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleExecutedByDecapitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesInThePeerageOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExecutedByDecapitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesInThePeerageOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEnglishCivilWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfAlbany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfCornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExecutedUnderTheInterregnum(England)ByDecapitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMonarchsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlsOfRoss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExecutedUnderTheInterregnum(England)ForTreasonAgainstEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestantMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryChristianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlsOfChester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDunfermline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPubliclyExecutedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfRothesay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childe_Wills http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childe_Wills http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFortWayne,Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childe_Wills http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childe_Wills http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAutomobileDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web_Consortium http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStandardsOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web_Consortium http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConsortia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web_Consortium http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1994
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web_Consortium http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web_Consortium http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web_Consortium http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalNongovernmentalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchWomenPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUkrainianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianEmigrantsToFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeopleOfRussian-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtDecoArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCubistArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCostumeDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHlobyneRaion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussian_Cultural_Heritage_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Institute108407330
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussian_Cultural_Heritage_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialVicars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfBerg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheOrderOfSaintHubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfJülich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfSaintHubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHereditaryPrincesOfSulzbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheRoyalOrderOfSaintGeorgeForTheDefenseOfTheImmaculateConception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanArtCollectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectorsOfThePalatinate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Theodore,_Elector_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectorsOfBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSpitalfields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfHuguenotDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleOfHuguenotDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstrumentMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misfortunes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misfortunes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatThisIsHellAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterproof_fabric http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnicalFabrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanRights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1899
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCarManufacturersOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTruckManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleManufacturersOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultinationalCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBatteryElectricVehicleManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1898
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCarManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleManufacturersOfIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotiveCompaniesOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheEuronextExchanges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheEuronextParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBusManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBath,Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallisticsExperts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheBritishEastIndiaCompany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/ComputerGame100458890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2001VideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamesDevelopedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamesDevelopedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRacingVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2000VideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInfogramesGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlayStationGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActionVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2004VideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpenWorldVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGameBoyAdvanceGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Jelinek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCzechoslovakEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Jelinek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrench-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBantuCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeastDevelopedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCentralAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwahili-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfLaFrancophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandlockedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCaserta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCaproniPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCampania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAerialWarfarePioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMilitaryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishHumorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSanFrancisco,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEditorialCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSculptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanIllustrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPulitzerPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanCaricaturists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtistsFromSanFrancisco,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHumorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromSanFrancisco,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComicsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtLancasterRoyalGrammarSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheCambridgeUnionSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAnglicanPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMastersOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMineralogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheGeologicalSocietyOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLancaster,Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSecondWranglers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whewell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInChicago,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInstitutionsFoundedByTheRockefellerFamily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_(cue_sports) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_(cue_sports) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPubGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_(cue_sports) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCueSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_(cue_sports) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGamesOfPhysicalSkill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorian_era http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Era115248564
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorian_era http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalEras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analytic_philosophy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analytic_philosophy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalTraditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_West_Indies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_West_Indies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Labat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Labat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Labat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Labat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Labat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchTravelWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Labat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Labat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consul_(representative) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiplomatsByRole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cray_C90 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSupercomputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cray_C90 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCrayProducts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssassinatedGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderedScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderedWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleMurderedInAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderVictims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExpatriatesInAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderedEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schlick http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfKing'sCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEdwardianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDorchester,Dorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPantheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfKing'sCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_30 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_30 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToProtestantismFromJudaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientistsFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExperimentalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStockholmUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToChristianityFromJudaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheMargraviateOfBrandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallisticsExperts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Magnus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrench-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandlockedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalian-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfLaFrancophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glossary_of_graph_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlossariesOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glossary_of_graph_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlossaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheGermanEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1525
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1947
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potential_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPartialDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potential_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2017 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCenturiesInTheFuture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2017 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFutureEvents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfHungarianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWomenNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAutobiographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSyracuseUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWomenPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHorrorWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWomenDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuggenheimFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Carol_Oates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLockport,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictimsOfAviationAccidentsOrIncidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorwegianExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfTheArctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMissingAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFredrikstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBearAttackVictims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnimalAttackVictims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMissingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorwegianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryNorwegianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfAntarctica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNA http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPersonalIdentificationDocuments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNA http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNA http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNucleicAcids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheHumanPotentialMovement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanArchitectureWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBatesCollegeAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTechnologyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMilton,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPenobscotCounty,Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSustainabilityAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMiltonAcademyAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSystemsScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanArchitects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNon-fictionEnvironmentalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernistArchitects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Architect109805475
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanIndustrialDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Dissenters http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishDissenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Dissenters http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianMystics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCormeilles-en-Parisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheIndustrialRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortraitPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBasquePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPioneersOfPhotography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_13 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_13 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bern_railway_station http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Station104306080
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bern_railway_station http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRailwayStationsInTheCantonOfBern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bern_railway_station http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRailwayStationsOpenedIn1860
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryCanadianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianEnvironmentalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSnipers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPersonsOfNationalHistoricSignificance(Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChildren'sWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianMaleNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImpostors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEmigrantsToCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Use_case http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareRequirements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Use_case http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_adaptation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguageVarietiesAndStyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_adaptation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Weather_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1870
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Weather_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgenciesOfTheUnitedStatesGovernment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Weather_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInMaryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Weather_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentAgenciesEstablishedIn1870
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Weather_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOceanographicInstitutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Weather_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Agency108337324
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Weather_Service http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMeteorologicalInstitutionsAndStations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikipedia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCreativeCommons-licensedWebsites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikipedia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialMachines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikipedia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultilingualWebsites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikipedia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFreeEncyclopedias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikipedia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeneralEncyclopedias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikipedia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WebSite106359193
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikipedia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOnlineEncyclopedias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeroesOfSocialistLabour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietMinistersOfDefence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGori,Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalOpponentsOfApartheidInSouthAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfWorldWarIIFromGeorgia(country)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHolodomorPerpetrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDoubleHeroesOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBankRobbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarshalsOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColdWarLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTiflisGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSmallpoxSurvivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreatPurgePerpetrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFolkSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTbilisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfTheCommunistPartyOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeroesOfTheMongolianPeople'sRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIPoliticalLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeroesOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRussianCivilWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCominternPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoetsFromGeorgia(country)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeople'sCommissarsAndMinistersOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticiansFromGeorgia(country)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunistPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfGovernmentOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRussianRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianExiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheismActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolishPeopleOfThePolish–SovietWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeneralissimos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stalin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsFromGeorgia(country)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(U.S._TV_program) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1952AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(U.S._TV_program) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlack-and-whiteTelevisionPrograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(U.S._TV_program) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiveTelevisionPrograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(U.S._TV_program) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNBCNetworkShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_General_Assembly http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Legislature108163273
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_General_Assembly http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStateLegislaturesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_General_Assembly http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBicameralLegislatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/429_Lotis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatC-typeAsteroids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/429_Lotis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Planet109394007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/429_Lotis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMainBeltAsteroids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/429_Lotis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalObjectsDiscoveredIn1897
http://dbpedia.org/resource/429_Lotis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAsteroidsNamedFromGreekMythology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Blaue_Reiter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanArtistGroupsAndCollectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Blaue_Reiter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Blaue_Reiter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtExhibitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Blaue_Reiter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtistGroupsAndCollectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salerno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanTownsAndCitiesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salerno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salerno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInCampania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salerno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salerno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salerno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHigherDoctorates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDoctoralDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegreesInHealthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedicalDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_A._Trozzolo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromChicago,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_A._Trozzolo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKansasCity,Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_A._Trozzolo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfCalabrianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_A._Trozzolo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_A._Trozzolo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_A._Trozzolo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfItalianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Canadian_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Canadian_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInCanadaWithRoyalPatronage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Canadian_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1849
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatXeroxPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMicrosoftTechnicalFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAssociationForComputingMachinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTuringAwardLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMicrosoftEmployees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDraperPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_P._Thacker http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenInHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Strait http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStraitsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Strait http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStraitsOfRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Strait http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStraitsOfTheArcticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Strait http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStraits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Strait http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStraitsOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Strait http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStraitsOfAlaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Strait http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStraitsOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Strait http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStraitsOfNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Strait http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalStraits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Strait http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Ocean109376198
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_Circle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_Circle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanStateCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocalitiesOfBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1237
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe13thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niger_Delta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiverDeltas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niger_Delta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOilFieldsOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excavation_(archaeology) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingaporeanComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingaporeanWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingaporeanArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfNewcastleUniversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingaporeanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingaporeanPeopleOfChineseDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingaporeanPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingaporeanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Hsin_Hsin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDigitalArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right-wing_politics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instruction_set http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssemblyLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instruction_set http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeboat_(shipboard) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRafts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeboat_(shipboard) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLifeboats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat5th-centuryBCIranianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat6th-centuryBCIranianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat6th-centuryBCBiblicalRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat5th-centuryBCRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPersianPeopleOfTheGreco-PersianWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAchaemenidKings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchJudges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBasqueMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTarn-et-Garonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTarn(department)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOccitanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Fermat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLieutenancyAreasOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCouncilAreasOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheNorthSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheEHPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryItalianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianJurists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalian-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRhetoricians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNaples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAgeOfEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTropeTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpistemologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Vico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInBerkshireCounty,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1790s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Academy_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademiesOfSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Academy_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalAcademies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Academy_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Academy_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalAcademiesOfSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Academy_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1660s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Academy_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicInstitutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_glycation_end-product http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetabolicDisorders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland_ice_sheet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDesertsOfNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland_ice_sheet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Glacier109289331
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland_ice_sheet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlaciersOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland_ice_sheet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIceSheets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_period http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEuropeanRoyalFamilies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_period http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Era115248564
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yield_(engineering) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMechanicalFailureModes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepped_Reckoner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMechanicalCalculators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1911
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerStorageCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnNASDAQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFoundrySemiconductorCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultinationalCompaniesHeadquarteredInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSemiconductorCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectronicsCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheNewYorkStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOutsourcingCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerHardwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultinationalCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPubliclyTradedCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareCompaniesBasedInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisplayTechnologyCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesInTheDowJonesIndustrialAverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInWestchesterCounty,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Medal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAwardsEstablishedIn1936
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Medal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Award106696483
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Medal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicsAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHenryDraperCatalogueObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHRObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHipparcosObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBayerObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatK-typeStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBYDraconisVariables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSolar-typeStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStarsWithProperNames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVariableStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_Eridani http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatK-typeMain-sequenceStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryIrishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfOrmonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTrinityCollege,Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheIrishConfederateWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesInThePeerageOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLordHighStewards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_1st_Duke_of_Ormonde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoreticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoreticalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatManhattanProjectPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCopenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAkademiskBoldklubPlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheVictoriaUniversityOfManchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishNuclearPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFaradayLecturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishFootballers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheElephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPeopleOfJewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatQuantumPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorer_3 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNASASpaceProbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorer_3 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Spacecraft104264914
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInConnecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInNewHavenCounty,Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCentralAtlanticCollegiateConferenceSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPulsars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNGCObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSupernovae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/DiffuseNebula109266790
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalObjectsDiscoveredIn1731
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMessierObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSharplessObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourges http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfCher(department)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourges http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourges http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrefecturesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourges http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christianity http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAbrahamicReligions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christianity http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonotheisticReligions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_America http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Continent109254614
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_America http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfTheAmericas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_America http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCulturalSpheresOfInfluence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfTheDannebrog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefendersOfSlavery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventorsOfWritingSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfSaintsMauriceAndLazarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticsOfCatholicism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBritishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPortraitPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSculptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommandersOfTheNichanIftikhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtistsFromBoston,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAmericanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanCivilWarIndustrialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatYaleUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConspiracyTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanExpatriatesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCharlestown,Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhillipsAcademyAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPro-slaveryActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfTheTowerAndSword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBoston,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommandersByNumberOfTheOrderOfIsabellaTheCatholic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie,_or_the_New_Heloise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie,_or_the_New_Heloise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie,_or_the_New_Heloise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie,_or_the_New_Heloise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpistolaryNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie,_or_the_New_Heloise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1761Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie,_or_the_New_Heloise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhilosophicalNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthold_Eisenstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officer_(armed_forces) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrdersOfKnighthood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officer_(armed_forces) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryRanksOfAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officer_(armed_forces) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryRanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officer_(armed_forces) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryRanksOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInMetaphysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInEthics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInAesthetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trotskyism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trotskyism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalIdeologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trotskyism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEponyms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCancerOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedicalResearchInstitutesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmission_(telecommunications) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPre-LinnaeanBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWildlifeArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTravelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPteridologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanistsWithAuthorAbbreviations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMarseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plumier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy's_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHospitalsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy's_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Building102913152
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy's_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSkyscrapersInSouthwark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy's_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Hospital103540595
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy's_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNHSHospitalsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy's_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresCompletedIn1974
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy's_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHospitalsEstablishedInThe1720s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy's_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTeachingHospitalsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Arts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaster'sDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(illusion) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Art102743547
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(illusion) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPerformingArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalConstitutionalRepublics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Economy108366753
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerSpanishColonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalRepublics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldTradeOrganizationMemberEconomies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiberalDemocracies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_cricket http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsOriginatingInAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_cricket http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormsOfCricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfEmmanuelCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtBingleyGrammarSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfStJohn'sCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfStJohn'sCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBingley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCosmologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLycéeLouis-le-GrandAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcoleNormaleSupérieureAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBeauvais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMeasureTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lebesgue http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_aircraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University_in_Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsInPrague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University_in_Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInTheCzechRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University_in_Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University_in_Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe14thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University_in_Prague http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLawSchoolsInTheCzechRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfAmazonas(BrazilianState)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalRiversOfSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDrainageBasinsOfTheAtlanticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfColombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfAmapá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBorderRivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfPará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfBolivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfBrazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfPeru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/River109411430
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfEcuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Bauersfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Bauersfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Bauersfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightCommandersOfTheOrderOfMeritOfTheFederalRepublicOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Bauersfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Bauersfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicChurchOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJesuitUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatReligiousOrders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicSchoolsInBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatReligiousOrganizationsEstablishedInThe1540s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreyfus_affair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAntisemiticAttacksAndIncidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreyfus_affair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalScandalsInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreyfus_affair http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryScandals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basis_point http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFinancialMarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_beauty http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAesthetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaragoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaragoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanSitesInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaragoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInTheProvinceOfZaragoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloth_merchant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSalesOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(BBC_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2009BritishTelevisionProgrammeDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(BBC_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(BBC_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiscoveryChannelShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(BBC_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianTelevisionProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(BBC_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCHighDefinitionProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(BBC_TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2009BritishTelevisionProgrammeEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_(manner_of_address) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHonorifics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_(manner_of_address) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreetings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Programme http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2010BritishTelevisionProgrammeEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Programme http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1966BritishTelevisionProgrammeDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Programme http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Kentucky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Kentucky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInKentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Kentucky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1775
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Kentucky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFayetteCounty,Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Kentucky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInKentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minorca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minorca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheBalearicIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minorca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBalearicIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minorca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Saxony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1946
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Saxony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Saxony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS1StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Saxony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBarton-upon-Humber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtWinchesterCollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishCurators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Hogarth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_15 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_15 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necronomicon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalGrimoires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necronomicon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language_acquisition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChildren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomyOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpaceTechnologyResearchInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentAgenciesEstablishedIn1930
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1930
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Agency108337324
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpaceAgencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWestminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestantMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLordHighAdmirals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsOfGreatBritain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPrincesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPrincesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFemaleRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorwegianPrincesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPrincesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfFrenchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlanetaryAtmospheres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmosphere_of_Earth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnvironments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_(building) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChurchBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_(building) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_(building) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresByType
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_(building) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatReligiousBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpiresOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1917
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerSlavicCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpiresOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetaster http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_hieroglyphs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEgyptianHieroglyphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_hieroglyphs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEgypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_hieroglyphs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritingSystemsOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_hieroglyphs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHieroglyphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_hieroglyphs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Orthography106351202
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_hieroglyphs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritingSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_hieroglyphs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEgyptianLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_hieroglyphs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_hieroglyphs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Hieroglyph106403679
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfAustrianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKleistPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMagicRealismWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kehlmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMunich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Parnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDublin(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Parnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Parnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Parnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCountyDublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Parnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingle-partyStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1933
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1975AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1975TelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSatiricalTelevisionProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNBCNetworkShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComedyCentralShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionSketchShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSketchComedyTelevisionShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiveTelevisionPrograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionProgramsFeaturingPuppetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversion_(chemistry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalReactions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Newspaper106267145
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWebsitesUtilizingPaywalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1785
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Magazine106595351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewspapersPublishedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalNewspapersPublishedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageNewspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobite_risings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobite_risings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilConflictsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobite_risings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJacobiteRisings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobite_risings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Research_Council_(Canada) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianFederalDepartmentsAndAgencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Research_Council_(Canada) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstitutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Research_Council_(Canada) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentAgenciesEstablishedIn1916
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Research_Council_(Canada) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Agency108337324
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Research_Council_(Canada) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganizationsBasedInCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Research_Council_(Canada) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Research_Council_(Canada) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeeklyMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWeeklyMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOnlineMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Newspaper106267145
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Magazine106595351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMagazinesEstablishedIn1923
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewsMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianNewsMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeeklyNewspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNewsMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeeklyNewspapersPublishedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1923
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linnean_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linnean_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linnean_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiologyOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linnean_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1788
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaviesByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtCharterhouseSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsOfOmarKhayyám
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWorldWarIPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtCopthornePreparatorySchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishExpatriates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalWelchFusiliersOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOlympicCompetitorsInArtCompetitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfStJohn'sCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHistoricalNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersOfHistoricalFictionSetInAntiquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWimbledon,London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graves http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtKing'sCollegeSchool,Wimbledon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermographic_camera http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMovieCameras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermographic_camera http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSensors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermographic_camera http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticalDevices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermographic_camera http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCamerasByType
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermographic_camera http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDetectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teaching_assistant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTeachingAssistants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_C http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHipHopSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_C http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPerformersOfChristianHipHopMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_C http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBrooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_C http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_C http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPuertoRicanSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_C http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPuertoRicanRappers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_C http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPuertoRicanMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_C http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorrorGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendship_(NGO) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-governmentalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendship_(NGO) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-governmentalOrganisationsBasedInBangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_optics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicalOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_optics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImpressionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAvignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCubistArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchImpressionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtistsFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gleizes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevenson_(toxicologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevenson_(toxicologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevenson_(toxicologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatToxicologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevenson_(toxicologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHarrogate(district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevenson_(toxicologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishForensicScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevenson_(toxicologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfMeurthe-et-Moselle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy,_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrefecturesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_flow_graph http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraphDataStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_flow_graph http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDirectedGraphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_flow_graph http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDataStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAerospaceEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAerospaceEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheRhineProvince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAircraftDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMönchengladbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviationPioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRWTHAachenUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviationInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndustrialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInMakkahProvince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsOfCaliphates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslamicHolyPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHolyCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincialCapitalsOfSaudiArabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincesOfSaudiArabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShiaHolyCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack!! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack!! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Medium106254669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack!! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2002Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack!! http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatYngwieMalmsteenAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalPhilharmonicSocietyGoldMedallists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComposersForPipeOrgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronetsInTheBaronetageOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryClassicalComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWorcestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOratorioComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLondonSymphonyOrchestraPrincipalConductors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWorcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryClassicalComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEdwardianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommandersOfTheOrderOfTheCrown(Belgium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithDurhamUniversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBalletComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBrassBandComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithMalvern,Worcestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalComposersOfChurchMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfBirmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMastersOfTheQueen'sMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanticComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusiciansFromWorcestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1868
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1868
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringUniversitiesAndCollegesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charged_particle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChargeCarriers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Land http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocumentaryFilmsAboutNature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Land http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionDocumentaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceasefire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLawsOfWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domestic_goose http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBirdsInPopularCulture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domestic_goose http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDomesticatedAnimals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domestic_goose http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDomesticatedBirds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domestic_goose http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_packet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitsOfInformation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Revolt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1918
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Revolt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCampaignsAndTheatresOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Revolt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1916
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Revolt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Revolt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Revolt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1917
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Revolt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuerrillaWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Revolt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRebellionsInSyria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machining http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMachineTools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheIndianOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTamil-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheSouthAsianAssociationForRegionalCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1948
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfSriLanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialistStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInNorthRhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1818
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2003Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_20 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_20 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssassinatedPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutedItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFascistRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExecutedByItalyByFiringSquad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheItalianSocialRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrimeMinistersOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenSpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianFascists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIPoliticalLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExecutedByFiringSquad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleDeportedFromSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOustedHeadsOfState
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryItalianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutedPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeopleExecutedByFiringSquad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersOustedByACoup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheElephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFascists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfForlì-Cesena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAttemptedAssassinationSurvivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfMalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatForeignMinistersOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianSocialistPartyPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMinistersOfTheInterior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfTheMostHolyAnnunciation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldMarshalsOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersWhoTookPowerByCoup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfFascism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutedPrimeMinisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/President110467179
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShootingSurvivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Mussolini http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2nd-centuryGreekPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekAstrologers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCartographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2nd-centuryPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEgyptianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHellenisticGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreekMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2nd-centuryPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoman-eraGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1st-centuryGreekPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEgyptianAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstrologicalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstrologers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2nd-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gymnasium_(school) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo-Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo-Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo-Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluoropolymer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCarbonCompounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluoropolymer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFluorineCompounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluoropolymer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolymers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMissouriPopulatedPlacesOnTheMissouriRiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInClayCounty,Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInJacksonCounty,Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInPlatteCounty,Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMissouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInCassCounty,Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStatesPacificCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInAlaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInNomeCensusArea,Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInUnorganizedBorough,Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1898
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInAlaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctUniversitiesAndCollegesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_17 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_17 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInWisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheGreatLakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInWaukeshaCounty,Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInWisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInlandPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMilwaukeeCounty,Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInWashingtonCounty,Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebesgue_integration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntegrals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebesgue_integration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefinitionsOfMathematicalIntegration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParliamentsByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalLegislatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Legislature108163273
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1994TelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionSitcoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSitcoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNBCNetworkShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2004TelevisionSeriesEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1994AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2004AmericanTelevisionSeriesEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_Christian_music http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRadioFormats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_Christian_music http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopMusicGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_Christian_music http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MusicGenre107071942
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_Christian_music http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianMusicGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundamental_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheorems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundamental_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalTheorems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundamental_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFundamentalTheorems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_magnate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialClasses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_magnate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatManagementOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_debt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicIndicators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Part_number http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEncodings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_(material) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCalciumCompounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_(material) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlchemicalSubstances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_(material) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHydroxides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_(material) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOxideMinerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_(material) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOxides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_(material) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCalciumMinerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_physics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dispersion_(optics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_dealership http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVehicleRetailers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUSSRStatePrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeroesOfSocialistLabour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeninPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSaintPetersburgStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPskovGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStalinPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Matveyevich_Vinogradov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVelikolukskyDistrict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfAntwerp(province)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInFlanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Municipality108626283
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincialCapitalsOfFlanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1920SummerOlympicVenues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTradingPostsOfTheHanseaticLeague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Mammals http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocumentaryFilmsAboutNature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Mammals http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionDocumentaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Mammals http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Television106277280
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClubsAndSocietiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProfessionalAssociationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademiesOfSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1660
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalAcademiesOfSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInLondonWithRoyalPatronage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicInstitutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheRhineProvince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDifferentialGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeMorganMedallists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDüsseldorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGroupTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Klein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Newspaper106267145
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMagazinesEstablishedIn1923
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1923
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewspapersPublishedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsDisestablishedIn1954
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScienceFictionMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyFictionMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctNewspapersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPulpMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorrorFictionMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Magazine106595351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contribution_margin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFinancialRatios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contribution_margin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndexNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInDevon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInSouthWestEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocalGovernmentDistrictsOfSouthWestEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitaryAuthorityDistrictsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInThePLPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apochromat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLenses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1630s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInCambridge,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tailliez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOceanographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tailliez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tailliez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tailliez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tailliez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tailliez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchNavyOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tailliez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tailliez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnderwaterPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tailliez http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_literature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChildren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Support_group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSupportGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banff,_Aberdeenshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheABPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banff,_Aberdeenshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInAberdeenshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banff,_Aberdeenshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishCountyTowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banff,_Aberdeenshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesInAberdeenshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banff,_Aberdeenshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banff,_Aberdeenshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_art http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlasticArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_art http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVisualArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_art http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-stick_surface http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBrandNameMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenOfTheRegencyEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEastHampshire(district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWomenNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishRomanticFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWinchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestantWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromReading,Berkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBasingstokeAndDeane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSequelNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1955Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishFantasyNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Series108457976
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1950sFantasyNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1954Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTrilogies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_of_computation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModelsOfComputation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Keiser_Bolton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Keiser_Bolton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Keiser_Bolton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBucknellUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Fellow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Fellow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMEmployees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investigation_Discovery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Channel106259898
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investigation_Discovery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatYemeniTribes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialGroupsOfIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlidDynasties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuslimDynasties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialGroupsOfPakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabDynasties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scriblerus_Club http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scriblerus_Club http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeoclassicalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1860_Oxford_evolution_debate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDebates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1860_Oxford_evolution_debate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificControversies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diatomic_molecule http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/February_28 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/February_28 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Implant_(medicine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImplants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurai http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHinduHolyCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurai http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInTamilNadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurai http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientIndianCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurai http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurai http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerIndianCapitalCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethnological_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1843
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethnological_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnthropologyOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon-fiber-reinforced_polymer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAerospaceMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon-fiber-reinforced_polymer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompositeMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Verhaecht http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaroquePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Verhaecht http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAntwerp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Verhaecht http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Verhaecht http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Verhaecht http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Verhaecht http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Verhaecht http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishBaroquePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOfArcticGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1741
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheAtlanticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWhalingStations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDividedRegions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCelticCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultidisciplinaryAcademicJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1665
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicsJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultidisciplinaryScientificJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Transactions_of_the_Royal_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Periodical106593296
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_(division) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_(division) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_(division) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1955
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCouncilOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandlockedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclear-freeZones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Jackson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaysOfNewSouthWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Jackson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/BodyOfWater109225146
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Jackson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarboursOfNewSouthWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutionary_socialism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlobalization-relatedTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutionary_socialism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutionary_socialism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicIdeologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanTownsAndCitiesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsOfFormerNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInLiguria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediterraneanPortCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincesOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInSaltLakeCity,Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1993
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCzech-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSlavicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandlockedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToProtestantismFromJudaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDescartesScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinentalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAustrianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheSouthMoravianRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromProstějov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestantPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContemporaryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleCondemnedByNaziCourts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Husserl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAustrianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHospitalBuildingsCompletedIn1844
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresOnTheNationalRegisterOfHistoricPlacesInRhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInProvidence,RhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Hospital http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychiatricHospitalsInRhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_effect http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicalPhenomena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_effect http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlternativeFuels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approach_(album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2006Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approach_(album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRockAlbumsByFinnishArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approach_(album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geologic_time_scale http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArticlesWhichContainGraphicalTimelines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geologic_time_scale http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeologyTimelines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfUniversityCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishBiophysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOfficersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishOperationsResearchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtBlundell'sSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheVictoriaUniversityOfManchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommandersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiophysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysiologyOrMedicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Hill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_industry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndustries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_industry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCarManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periodic_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periodic_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionsAndMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periodic_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElementarySpecialFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glaspalast_(Munich) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresCompletedIn1854
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glaspalast_(Munich) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresDestroyedByArson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glaspalast_(Munich) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInMunich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periodical_literature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeriodicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periodical_literature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_sport http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCombatSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_sport http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMartialArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_sport http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sport100523513
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_sport http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsByType
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champ_de_Mars http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1900SummerOlympicVenues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champ_de_Mars http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Park108615149
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champ_de_Mars http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParksAndOpenSpacesInParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champ_de_Mars http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorld'sFairSites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champ_de_Mars http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSquaresInParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centurySwissMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEmmentalDistrict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheCantonOfBern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Steiner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1959
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnclaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measure_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measure_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_12 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_12 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstrologers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrintersOfIncunabula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKönigsberg,Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedievalGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryAstrologers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAstrologers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstrumentMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianAstrologers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedievalGermanAstrologers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissanceLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedievalMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAstrologicalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiomontanus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Canterbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmSchoolsInNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Canterbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Canterbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Canterbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1873
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Adventures_of_Nils http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksBySelmaLagerlöf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Adventures_of_Nils http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1906Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Adventures_of_Nils http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Adventures_of_Nils http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChildren'sBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Adventures_of_Nils http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Oak,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInOaklandCounty,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Oak,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Oak,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Oak,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1891
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Oak,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInOaklandCounty,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1918
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSlavicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrench-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabic-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheOrganisationOfIslamicCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfLaFrancophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslamicStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorthAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1956
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheArabLeague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCapitalDistrict,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLieutenantGovernorsOfNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfDutchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYorkPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatErieCanalCommissioners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYorkStateSenators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStateLieutenantGovernorsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfTheWarOf1812
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_High_School_(Massachusetts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicHighSchoolsInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_High_School_(Massachusetts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsInWorcesterCounty,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interval_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSetsOfRealNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfTheNorwegianLion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestantMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfSaintJohn(BailiwickOfBrandenburg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEdwardianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfTheMostHolyAnnunciation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheRoyalOrderOfTheSeraphim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleWithDisabilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheElephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticiansWithPhysicalDisabilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanRacehorseOwnersAndBreeders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCrownPrincesOfPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_II,_German_Emperor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finite_difference http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLinearOperatorsInCalculus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finite_difference http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFiniteDifferences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finite_difference http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumericalDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLabourParty(UK)LifePeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheRoyalAcademyOfDramaticArt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryEnglishMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOfficersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfEmmanuelCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLifePeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStrokeSurvivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheUniversityOfLeicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleShakespeareanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfStCatherine'sCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLabourParty(UK)People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMaleStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommandersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMaleFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryEnglishMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShakespeareanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfKing'sCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtWyggestonGrammarSchoolForBoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromCambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUNICEFPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLeicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProducersWhoWonTheBestPictureAcademyAward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBAFTAFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFilmProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe15thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInCatalonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNursingSchoolsInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsOfMedicineInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arecibo_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalObservatoriesInPuertoRico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arecibo_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInPuertoRico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arecibo_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Observatory103839671
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arecibo_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalObservatories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arecibo_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresCompletedIn1963
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_of_history http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBranchesOfPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheAtomicBombingsOfHiroshimaAndNagasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSheerness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarknessFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatManhattanProjectPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromOxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLifePeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGibraltarianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRectorsOfImperialCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNuclearPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfImperialCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfImperialCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penney,_Baron_Penney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_10 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_10 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenia,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1803
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenia,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenia,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInOhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenia,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheUndergroundRailroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenia,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGreeneCounty,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenia,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInOhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser_printing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerPrinters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademiesOfSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-governmentalOrganizationsBasedInSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1786
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishRoyalAcademies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicInstitutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_the_Obscure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_the_Obscure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_the_Obscure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_the_Obscure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByThomasHardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_the_Obscure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1895Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychiatrists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychoanalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPsychiatrists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychologistsOfReligion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPsychologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychotherapists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromRudolfsheim-Fünfhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPsychiatrists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPsychoanalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContemporaryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInSuffolkCounty,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1630
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStatesAtlanticCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarborsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_powers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_powers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientCelticPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInMexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInArgentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_28 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_28 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_stone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSedimentaryRocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_stone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTithonianGeologicFormations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Sorbonne_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Sorbonne_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Sorbonne_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1971
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Sorbonne_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Sorbonne_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInÎle-de-France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfLebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfRwanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfLiberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheUnitedStatesVirginIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBotswana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStress-timedLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfVanuatu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGuyana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheCaymanIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheSolomonIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheBritishVirginIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSaintKittsAndNevis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEritrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSouthSudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBermuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTokelau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAntiguaAndBarbuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGuam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCameroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBelize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfFiji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheBahamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSeychelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfHongKong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–verb–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfZambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfNigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMalawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfThePhilippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfPapuaNewGuinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSamoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfKenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAmericanSamoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfNiue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSaintLucia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWestGermanicLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSouthAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheMarshallIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheCookIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTonga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTuvalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMalaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfJamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfZimbabwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfLesotho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfPalau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSingapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTrinidadAndTobago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfDominica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfNauru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfUganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSaintVincentAndTheGrenadines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGrenada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheGambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheFederatedStatesOfMicronesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfPakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfThePitcairnIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBrunei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFusionalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSwaziland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfKiribati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSierraLeone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfNamibia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBahrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condensation_reaction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganicReactions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condensation_reaction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCondensationReactions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condensation_reaction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalReactions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Astronaut109818022
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesNavalAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromChicago,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPurdueUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatApolloProgramAstronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesNavyAstronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWhoHaveWalkedOnTheMoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMaywood,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandOfficersOfTheOrderOfTheWhiteDoubleCross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfSlovakDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviatorsFromIllinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesNavyOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfCzechDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Cernan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNavalPostgraduateSchoolAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInVeneto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth,_Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarboursOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth,_Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheNorthSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth,_Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInThePHPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth,_Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Town108665504
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnLakeGeneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe1stMillenniumBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfTheCantonOfGeneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCantonalCapitalsOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheRhone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheHolyRomanEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christopher_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christopher_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMecklenburgCounty,Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christopher_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYorkUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christopher_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christopher_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSurgeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christopher_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTrinityWashingtonUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christopher_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_14 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_14 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1817
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsOfPublicHealthInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlagshipUniversitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOakRidgeAssociatedUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInWashtenawCounty,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlackSitcoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionSitcoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2006AmericanTelevisionSeriesEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2005AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUPNNetworkShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont_Central_Research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInHyderabad,India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont_Central_Research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont_Central_Research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalResearchInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont_Central_Research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1957
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Garrison_Artillery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Garrison_Artillery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtilleryUnitsAndFormations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Garrison_Artillery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtilleryUnitsAndFormationsOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockoon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpaceLaunchVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockoon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBalloons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContemporaryArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActressesFromVermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfJewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFeministArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPacificNorthwestArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKRecordsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBarre,Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKillRockStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusiciansFromVermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPerformanceArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtistsFromPortland,Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWomenFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatControversies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnsolvedProblemsInAstronomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInterstellarMessages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_life http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificControversies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_28 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_28 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_American http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_American http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeoplesOfTheAfricanDiaspora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_American http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/February_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/February_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestsInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/February_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegimentsOfTheBritishArmyInTheCrimeanWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuardsRegiments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegimentsOfTheBritishArmyInWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsEstablishedIn1650
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsOfTheIraqWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsOfTheUnitedKingdomInThePeninsularWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegimentsOfTheBritishArmyInWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsOfTheUnitedKingdomInTheWarInAfghanistan(2001–present)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Guards http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInfantryRegimentsOfTheBritishArmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCitiesOfRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpecialEconomicZones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubdivisionsOfTheRussianEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/City108524735
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeroCitiesOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtistsFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1919
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInLosAngeles,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInLosAngelesCounty,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsAccreditedByTheWesternAssociationOfSchoolsAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_to_the_editor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInNewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInNewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGloucesterCounty,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInNewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1854
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2004Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMysteryNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpicNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryAmericanNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHistoricalNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPoliticalNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanRomanceNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanThrillerNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1700s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-profitOrganizationsBasedInConnecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInNewHavenCounty,Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrench-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheOrganisationOfIslamicCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfLaFrancophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1960
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCentralAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branch_point http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInverseFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLondonMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediaCompaniesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicCorporationsOfTheUnitedKingdomWithARoyalCharter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1927
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1922
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultilingualBroadcasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPubliclyFundedBroadcasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_14 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_14 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conservationist http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1974Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conservationist http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByNadineGordimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conservationist http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthAfricanNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conservationist http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDebutNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architectural_acoustics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingDefects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Freuchen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Freuchen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGuldborgsundMunicipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Freuchen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishAnthropologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Freuchen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Freuchen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfTheArctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Freuchen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishTravelWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Freuchen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Freuchen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaroquePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAntwerp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCourtPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishTapestryArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortraitArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoryPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryDiplomats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNorthRhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToRomanCatholicismFromProtestantism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiplomats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSiegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToRomanCatholicismFromCalvinism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishBaroquePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToRomanCatholicism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Rubens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicChurchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retransmission_(data_networks) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworkProtocols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFractions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpecialFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionsAndMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMeromorphicFunctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_26 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_26 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1829
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianCapitalCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInWesternAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInWesternAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSuburbsOfPerth,WesternAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoastalCitiesInAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_Grove_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMethodistSchoolsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_Grove_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/School108276720
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_Grove_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBoardingSchoolsInWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_Grove_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndependentSchoolsInBradfordDistrict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_Grove_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberSchoolsOfTheHeadmasters'AndHeadmistresses'Conference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_Grove_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1812
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_Grove_School http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPreparatorySchoolsInWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1910_Cuba_hurricane http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHurricanesInGeorgia(U.S.State)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1910_Cuba_hurricane http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHurricanesInCuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1910_Cuba_hurricane http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Hurricane111467018
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1910_Cuba_hurricane http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHurricanesInFlorida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1910_Cuba_hurricane http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTropicalCyclones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1910_Cuba_hurricane http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHurricanesInSouthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1910_Cuba_hurricane http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCategory4AtlanticHurricanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_consulting http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatManagementOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissancePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTuscany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFlorence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianArchitects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleCelebratedInTheLutheranLiturgicalCalendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissanceArchitects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianEcclesiasticalArchitects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianArchitects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryArchitects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianSculptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissanceSculptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfArezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicChurchSculptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitectsOfRomanCatholicChurches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicChurchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTuscanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissanceArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtForgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtistAuthors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianRenaissancePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_star http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_star http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatC-typeStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_star http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_star http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVariableStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Bay_Colony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1628
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Bay_Colony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColonialSettlementsInNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Bay_Colony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerRegionsAndTerritoriesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Bay_Colony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Bay_Colony http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Subdivision108674251
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principles_(retailer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principles_(retailer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRetailCompaniesEstablishedIn1984
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austhorpe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austhorpe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austhorpe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlacesInLeeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classification_of_discontinuities http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionsAndMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfLambeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortugueseNeighborhoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAreasOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicEnclavesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_Two_(She_&_Him_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMergeRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_Two_(She_&_Him_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_Two_(She_&_Him_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShe&amp;HimAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_Two_(She_&_Him_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDoubleSixRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_Two_(She_&_Him_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2010Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_Two_(She_&_Him_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_Two_(She_&_Him_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatP-VineRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1840sFantasyNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanceNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1847Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDebutNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGothicNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByEmilyBrontë
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWutheringHeights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianDramaFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1976Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpicFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20thCenturyFoxFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1970sRomanticDramaFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWestGermanFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsAboutFascists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanHistoricalFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchWarFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedArtistsFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchRomanceFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWarFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsDirectedByBernardoBertolucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchDramaFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Movie106613686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalian-languageFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanDramaFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParamountPicturesFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Governor110140314
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernorsOfMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMassachusettsColonialPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromRoxbury,Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Sumner http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMassachusettsStateSenators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1810
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Course_(education) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCurricula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_(military_unit) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsBySize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMagazinesPublishedInNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Newspaper106267145
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWeeklyMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctMagazinesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndependentMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewspapersPublishedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Magazine106595351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewsMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNewsMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeeklyNewspapersPublishedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsDisestablishedIn2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1933
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheatricalProfessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barber http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Occupation100582388
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_alienation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExistentialistConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_alienation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmotions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetraethyllead http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeurotoxins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetraethyllead http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFuelAdditives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetraethyllead http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAntiknockAgents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetraethyllead http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFuels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesInSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishMunicipalSeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalSeatsOfStockholmCounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheBalticSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInStockholmCounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoastalCitiesAndTownsInSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_hexafluoride http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUraniumCompounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_hexafluoride http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetalHalides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_hexafluoride http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_hexafluoride http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFluorineCompounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_hexafluoride http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOctahedralCompounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_hexafluoride http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFluorides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_religious_order http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicOrdersAndSocieties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lodge_Cowley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishCartographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lodge_Cowley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lodge_Cowley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lodge_Cowley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lodge_Cowley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryCartographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lodge_Cowley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1991
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPersian-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheOrganisationOfIslamicCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslamicStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandlockedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfIndependentStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernTurkicStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCentralAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMarquesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoreticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfTheFirstFrenchEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchStatisticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchInteriorMinisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCalvados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNormandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeterminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Laplace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_IV_of_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCroatianMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_IV_of_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_IV_of_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExcommunicatedByTheRomanCatholicChurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_IV_of_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianPrinces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_IV_of_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_IV_of_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfCroatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_IV_of_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedievalChildRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_IV_of_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_IV_of_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronetsInTheBaronetageOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiscoverersOfChemicalElements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleInCornishHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPenzance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheZoologicalSocietyOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheIndustrialRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCornishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtTruroCathedralSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Davy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpersonal_relationship http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmotions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpersonal_relationship http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInterpersonalRelationships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1847Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDebutNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGothicNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByCharlotteBrontë
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsAboutOrphans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountains_of_Madness_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountains_of_Madness_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiamondPlateAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Congress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalLegislatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Congress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParliamentsByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Congress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLegislatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Congress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Legislature108163273
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Congress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBicameralLegislatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDemographicsOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAnimators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfIrishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfCanadianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActorsFromChicago,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmProducersFromCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmStudioExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBritishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActorsFromMissouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActorsFromCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmDirectorsFromMissouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromMissouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleVoiceActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKansasCityArtInstituteAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmDirectorsFromCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromChicago,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnimators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisneyComicsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromChicago,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSilentFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromIllinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromMissouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMassMediaOwners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmDirectorsFromIllinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanVoiceActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfFrenchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisneyPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChiefExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionHosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalHistoricLandmarksOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSupercomputerSites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalHistoricLandmarksInNewMexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricDistrictsInNewMexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLaboratoriesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryFacilitiesInNewMexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLaboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Lab103629986
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolarRegionsOfTheEarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etruscology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condensation_polymer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolymers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchRugbyUnionReferees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheInternationalOlympicCommittee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSciencesPoAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScoutingPioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsExecutivesAndAdministrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronsOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfOrganisingCommitteesForTheOlympicGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchRugbyUnionPlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/President110467179
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchSportsExecutivesAndAdministrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Coubertin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentence_(mathematical_logic) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPropositions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Range_(computer_programming) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingConstructs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Range_(computer_programming) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArrays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Range_(computer_programming) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDataStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheSouthAsianAssociationForRegionalCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1947
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHindustani-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialistStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_28 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_28 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOlympicMedalistsInAthletics(trackAndField)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHurdlers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOlympicGoldMedalistsForTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entrepreneur_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBusinessMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entrepreneur_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Magazine106595351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entrepreneur_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonthlyMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunnery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunnery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPreparatorySchoolsInConnecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunnery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/School108276720
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunnery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateHighSchoolsInConnecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunnery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBoardingSchoolsInConnecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunnery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsInLitchfieldCounty,Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_supply http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPowerSupplies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfFrance(Bourbon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRegencyOfPhilippeD'Orléans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNavarreseMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDauphinsOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfBarcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPrinces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAncienRégime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheOrderOfTheHolySpirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfLuxembourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfNewFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDauphinsOfViennois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaint-Germain-en-Laye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMonarchsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheOrderOfSaintMichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernChildRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMonarchsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVersailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfAndorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWhiteRussianEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiscoverersOfAsteroids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfGerman-RussianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKharkivUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaltic-GermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuggenheimFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKharkiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfRussianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Struve http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInLosAngelesCounty,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1891
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsAccreditedByTheWesternAssociationOfSchoolsAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringUniversitiesAndCollegesInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnicalUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringUniversitiesAndCollegesInNewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1870
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInNewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInHudsonCounty,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnicalUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pisa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInTuscany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pisa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pisa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pisa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe14thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Similarity_(geometry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTriangles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Similarity_(geometry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoremsInGeometry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_3 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_3 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitkirk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitkirk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlacesInLeeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilConflictsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Civil_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notion_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notion_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInMetaphysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Representation_(arts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtisticTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Representation_(arts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAesthetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_29 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_29 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taito_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameDevelopmentCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taito_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheTokyoStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taito_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1953
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taito_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taito_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameCompaniesOfJapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taito_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamePublishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taito_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInTokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInBarcelonès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanSitesInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInCatalonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfBarcelonès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediterraneanPortCitiesAndTownsInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInTheProvinceOfBarcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInTheProvinceOfBarcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scale_model http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHobbies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scale_model http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScaleModelScales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabic-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheOrganisationOfIslamicCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMiddleEasternCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNearEasternCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1946
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslamicStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWesternAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialistStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheArabLeague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColumbiaUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJudgesOfTheUnitedStatesCourtOfAppealsForTheSecondCircuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAuburn,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYorkLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Judge110225219
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesFederalJudgesAppointedByRutherfordB.Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJudgesOfTheUnitedStatesDistrictCourtForTheSouthernDistrictOfNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesFederalJudgesAppointedByChesterA.Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanLegalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blatchford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesFederalJudgesAppointedByAndrewJohnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousPeoplesOfNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheAmericas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAboriginalPeoplesInTheArctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousSmall-numberedPeoplesOfTheNorth,SiberiaAndTheFarEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intensity_(physics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicalQuantities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Revo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2000sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Revo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVehiclesIntroducedIn1998
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Revo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Car102958343
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Revo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMinivans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Revo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1990sAutomobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Revo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatToyotaVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lassen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorwegianHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lassen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lassen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorwegianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integral_symbol http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraphemes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integral_symbol http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalSymbols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17th_century http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCenturies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_numerals http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumeralSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2006Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTimFinnAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitolRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_(economics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_(economics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFinanceTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockefeller_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1913
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockefeller_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInstitutionsFoundedByTheRockefellerFamily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockefeller_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEugenicsOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockefeller_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Intelligence_Corps_(United_States_Army) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesIntelligenceAgencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Intelligence_Corps_(United_States_Army) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBranchesOfTheUnitedStatesArmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Intelligence_Corps_(United_States_Army) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgebraists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBraunschweig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBrunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dedekind http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSemiticPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInIsrael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheAmericas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnoreligiousGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheMiddleEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousPeoplesOfWesternAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthno-culturalDesignations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1847
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlagshipUniversitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_of_Arts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBachelor'sDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheOrganisationOfIslamicCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeveloping8CountriesMemberStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNearEasternCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1923
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslamicStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCouncilOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMiddleEasternCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWesternAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernTurkicStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Academic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFranchisedTelevisionFormats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Academic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1961AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMatrices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmmaking http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVisualArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_waterfall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWaterfalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_waterfall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyasa_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInMalawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyasa_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laws_of_thermodynamics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLawsOfThermodynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_America http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Continent109254614
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_America http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/YagoGeoEntity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_America http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1516
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInTheMiddleEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Syria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_combatant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuantanamoBayCaptivesLegalAndAdministrativeProcedures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_combatant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExtrajudicialPrisonersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gironde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Department108114861
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gironde http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDepartmentsOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thule http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocationsInGreekMythology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thule http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheNorthAtlanticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thule http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thule http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheArcticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thule http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMythologicalIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thule http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhantomIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxerxes_I_of_Persia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat5th-centuryBCIranianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxerxes_I_of_Persia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsOfPersia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxerxes_I_of_Persia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxerxes_I_of_Persia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAchaemenidKings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxerxes_I_of_Persia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat5th-centuryBCRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxerxes_I_of_Persia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHebrewBiblePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxerxes_I_of_Persia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheGreco-PersianWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxerxes_I_of_Persia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAchaemenidPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxerxes_I_of_Persia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomenology_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Channel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsTelevisionNetworksInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Channel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Channel106259898
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInFarsProvince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInIran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInBavanatCounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFarsProvince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Overseas_Territories http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDependentTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Overseas_Territories http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishOverseasTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Overseas_Territories http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Congress_of_Mathematicians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicConferences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Congress_of_Mathematicians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRecurringEventsEstablishedIn1897
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Congress_of_Mathematicians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicsConferences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_score http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatisticalRatios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe1stMillenniumBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS2StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWineRegionsOfAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheDanube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanLegions'CampsInCentralEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_of_exhaustion http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekMathematicalWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_of_exhaustion http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksByArchimedes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Malebo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalPools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Malebo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/BodyOfWater109225146
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Malebo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalLakesOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Malebo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBodiesOfWaterOfTheDemocraticRepublicOfTheCongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Malebo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLakesOfTheDemocraticRepublicOfTheCongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Malebo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBodiesOfWaterOfTheRepublicOfTheCongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Malebo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLakesOfTheRepublicOfTheCongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Mathematical_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Mathematical_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1919
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Mathematical_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalScientificOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Mathematical_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1951
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Mathematical_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-governmentalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Mathematical_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Mathematical_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Context-free_grammar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingLanguageTopics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Context-free_grammar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Weierstrass http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Weierstrass http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Weierstrass http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBraniewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Weierstrass http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Weierstrass http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfWestphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_philosophy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalSchoolsAndTraditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Arbuthnot_(poet) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Arbuthnot_(poet) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfAberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Arbuthnot_(poet) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Arbuthnot_(poet) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Arbuthnot_(poet) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheUniversityOfStAndrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Arbuthnot_(poet) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfAberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Peninsula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulasOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Peninsula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Peninsula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Peninsula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Peninsula http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Cape109233715
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aposematism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAntipredatorAdaptations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TECO_(text_editor) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Software106566077
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TECO_(text_editor) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScriptingLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TECO_(text_editor) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanMaleRappers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEastCoastHipHopMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanRecordProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefJamRecordingsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSongwritersFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorrorcoreArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleTelevisionActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromStatenIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHipHopRecordProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActorsFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRappersFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindah http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindah http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTribesOfArabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindah http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfLaFrancophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1908
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSlavicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn681
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1878
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHashemitePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabNationalistHeadsOfState
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldMarshalsOfIraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfSyria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromJeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabNationalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIraqiArabNationalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfIraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfSyria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRulersOfSyria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_I_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSyrianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viewpoints http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActingTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtRugbySchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheLondonMathematicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheOxfordUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDublin(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDirectorsOfMuseumsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfBalliolCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCountyDublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfBalliolCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSavilianProfessorsOfGeometry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfCorpusChristiCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Stephen_Smith http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lens_(optics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lens_(optics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLenses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lens_(optics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticalDevices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_providence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAttributesOfGodInChristianTheology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_providence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectronicsCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnNASDAQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1984
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInformationTechnologyCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInSunnyvale,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfTheDemocraticRepublicOfTheCongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBorderRivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfTheRepublicOfTheCongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDrainageBasinsOfTheAtlanticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfAngola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalRiversOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalRivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/River109411430
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanCartographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfArabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryCartographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCuxhaven(district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheElectorateOfHanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_school http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStateSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_school http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInFife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheKYPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesInFife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanism_(engineering) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMachines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMinistersOfMarineAndTheColonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarquessesOfGouvionSaint-Cyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromToul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountsOfTheFirstFrenchEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMilitaryLeadersOfTheFrenchRevolutionaryWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMinistersOfDefence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheFrenchRevolutionaryWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarshalsOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchCommandersOfTheNapoleonicWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeopleOfTheNapoleonicWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheFirstFrenchEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmbassadorsOfFranceToSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeersOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheFrenchRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchNavalMinisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheBourbonRestoration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMonarchists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_de_Gouvion_Saint-Cyr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artifact_(archaeology) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalArtifacts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_18 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_18 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Branwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPenzance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Branwell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHaworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undersea_World_of_Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1968AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undersea_World_of_Jacques_Cousteau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1975AmericanTelevisionSeriesEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_machine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turing_machine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormalMethods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Patterson_(guitarist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewEnglandConservatoryAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Patterson_(guitarist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPianists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Patterson_(guitarist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusiciansFromNewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Patterson_(guitarist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Patterson_(guitarist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromRedBank,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Patterson_(guitarist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusiciansFromMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Patterson_(guitarist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanGuitarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_clan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJapaneseClans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGiambattistaVicoScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWayneStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTropeTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuggenheimFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psittacidae http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParrots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Continent109254614
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/YagoGeoEntity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfTheAmericas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByDiplo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByThaBizness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByT-Minus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWale(rapper)Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2011Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByDJToomp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Medium106254669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByLexLuger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarnerMusicGroupAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaybachMusicGroupAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaltimoreCityCollegeAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfRiceUniversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheUniversityOfTexasAtAustin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJohnsHopkinsUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTemple,Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBaltimore,Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_27 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_27 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstitutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsAccreditedByTheWesternAssociationOfSchoolsAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicUniversitiesAndCollegesInHawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInHawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–object–verbLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgglutinativeLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfPalau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfJapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyasaland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1964
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyasaland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1907
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyasaland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyasaland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_roads http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Structure104341686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_roads http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanRoads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Radio_Astronomy_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Radio_Astronomy_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomyOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Radio_Astronomy_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomyInstitutesAndDepartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Radio_Astronomy_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1956
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Radio_Astronomy_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Depression http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicProblems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Depression http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFinancialCrises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Depression http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicDisasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Depression http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Event100029378
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Jackson,_Mississippi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1863
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Jackson,_Mississippi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesOfTheWesternTheaterOfTheAmericanCivilWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Jackson,_Mississippi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesOfTheAmericanCivilWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Jackson,_Mississippi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnionVictoriesOfTheAmericanCivilWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Jackson,_Mississippi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Time_(Lifehouse_song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2007Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Time_(Lifehouse_song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Medium106254669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quote.com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quote.com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1993
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesAirForceOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMontclair,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWhoHaveWalkedOnTheMoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheKoreanWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParticipantsInAmericanRealityTelevisionSeries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviatorsFromNewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNASAAstronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesMilitaryAcademyAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGlenRidge,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatApolloProgramAstronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMilitaryOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Astronaut109818022
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesAirForceAstronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfSwedishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Aldrin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiomatic_system http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptualSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiomatic_system http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormalSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Theatre_Mannheim http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalTheatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Theatre_Mannheim http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOperaHousesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Theatre_Mannheim http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheatresInBaden-Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_network http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_network http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSociologicalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_network http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_network http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Occupation100582388
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_network http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Newspaper106267145
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDailyNewspapersPublishedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewspapersPublishedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Magazine106595351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDailyNewspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWebsitesUtilizingPaywalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewspapersPublishedInNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalNewspapersPublishedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageNewspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1851
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewZealandPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhotojournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewZealandEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromManawatu-Wanganui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewZealandPhotojournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewZealandPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewZealandPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silk http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCombatSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalEuropeanMartialArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMartialArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndividualSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEuropeanMartialArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MartialArt100825443
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientOlympicSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHybridMartialArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaintPetersburgGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStalinPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietMineralogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMineralogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfUkrainianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianEcologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUkrainianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUkrainianGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianMineralogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vernadsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaintPetersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsDividedByInternationalBorders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheCzechRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInPoland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSlavicEthnicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoutheastAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunistStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAssociationOfSoutheastAsianNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingle-partyStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialistStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1976
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markov_process http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStochasticProcesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markov_process http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarkovProcesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_27 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_27 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_Polytechnic_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_Polytechnic_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringUniversitiesAndCollegesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_Polytechnic_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_Polytechnic_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_Polytechnic_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1824
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_Polytechnic_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnicalUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Hoe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParksAndOpenSpacesInDevon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Languages_of_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Languages_of_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Languages_of_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS1StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalian-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1974
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS2StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediterraneanIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCouncilOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchipelagoesOfTheMediterraneanSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1964
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInMalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decad_(Sumerian_texts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMesopotamianDeities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adversary_proceeding_in_bankruptcy_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLawsuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPacifists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticsOfAlternativeMedicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticsOfReligions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanCannabisActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAnti–nuclearWeaponsActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScienceWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishSkeptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPulitzerPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfRussian-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpaceAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRahwayHighSchoolAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlanetaryScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheCommitteeForSkepticalInquiry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBrooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSkeptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSkeptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAssociationForTheAdvancementOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsAtTheUniversityOfCalifornia,Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNatureWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAmericanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheAmericanMuseumOfNaturalHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfThePlanetarySociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanUFOWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAnti–VietnamWarActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionHosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCosmologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_radio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTalkRadioStations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInNorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInNorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe11thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSkiAreasAndResortsInNorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVikingAgePopulatedPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS3StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfNorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInNorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfNorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheNorthSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubdivisionsOfNorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeighbourhoodsOfOslo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfStAndrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryScottishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSatirists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishSatirists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryScottishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryScottishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalCollegeOfPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfAberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKincardineAndMearns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryScottishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wyoming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInWyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wyoming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1886
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wyoming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLand-grantUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wyoming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wyoming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlagshipUniversitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Johnston_(Irish_politician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCountyMeath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Johnston_(Irish_politician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFiannaFáilPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Johnston_(Irish_politician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticiansFromCountyMeath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Johnston_(Irish_politician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishFarmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_Cthulhu_(role-playing_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Game100456199
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_Cthulhu_(role-playing_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRole-playingGamesBasedOnNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_Cthulhu_(role-playing_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCthulhuMythosGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_Cthulhu_(role-playing_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSandyPetersenGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophyBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoryBooksAboutCulture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1725Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoryBooksAboutCivilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Diesterweg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Diesterweg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Diesterweg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Diesterweg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_des_Longitudes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_des_Longitudes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomyOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_des_Longitudes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1795
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_des_Longitudes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_des_Longitudes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeographyOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherbourg-Octeville http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfManche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherbourg-Octeville http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarinasInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherbourg-Octeville http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherbourg-Octeville http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOnTheFrenchAtlanticCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherbourg-Octeville http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherbourg-Octeville http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherbourg-Octeville http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Length_overall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSailingShipComponents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Length_overall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShipMeasurements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviationPioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printed_circuit_board http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalComponents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printed_circuit_board http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectronicsSubstrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_29 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_29 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_8 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_8 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlexanderVonHumboldtFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInChemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAlice,Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiceUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Curl http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALOHAnet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLinkProtocols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALOHAnet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworkProtocols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewspaperCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalOrganizationsBasedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-governmentalOrganizationsBasedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1888
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInWashington,D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganizationsBasedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublishingCompaniesEstablishedIn1888
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-profitOrganizationsBasedInWashington,D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeographyOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-profitOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClubsAndSocietiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instruction_scheduling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompilerOptimizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe1810s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheGreatLakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortSettlementsInOntario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheHudsonRiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1614
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInAlbanyCounty,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staff_(military) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLawEnforcementOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUtilitarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMontpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcolePolytechniqueAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfSocialScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Comte http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormulaOneEngineManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1903
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTruckManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleManufacturersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPubliclyTradedCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCarManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInWayneCounty,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleBatteryManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheNewYorkStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricVehicleManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleManufacturersBasedInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTractorManufacturersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBusManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCarManufacturersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Poitiers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe15thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Poitiers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Poitiers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Poitiers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Poitiers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_15 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_15 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDEA_League http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityAssociationsAndConsortia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDEA_League http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe12thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanStateCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_(history) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_(history) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoriesOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheologyTeachers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedicalEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTextbookWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryDanishPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMalmö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMidwesternUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaallit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInuitGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaallit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaallit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAboriginalPeoplesInTheArctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaallit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaallit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNativeAmericanTribes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaallit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousPeoplesOfTheAmericas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Building102913152
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRotundas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat7th-centuryChurchBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicChurchesInRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientRomanBuildingsAndStructuresInRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2nd-centuryReligiousBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBasilicaChurchesInRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTemplesInTheCampusMartius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candidate_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candidate_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatQualifications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanceLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSanMarino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCroatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–verb–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfVaticanCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEritrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSlovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Philosophical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMuseumsInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Philosophical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalHistoricLandmarksInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Philosophical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoryMuseumsInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Philosophical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrariesInPhiladelphia,Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Philosophical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInPhiladelphia,Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Philosophical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceMuseumsInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheLondonMathematicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfUniversityCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMadurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychicalResearchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_De_Morgan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_art http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInIran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerPopulatedPlacesInFarsProvince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDestroyedLandmarks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInFarsProvince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerPopulatedPlacesInIran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAchaemenidCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIranianArcheologicalCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerNationalCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInIran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathcliff_(Wuthering_Heights) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComicStripsStartedInThe1970s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathcliff_(Wuthering_Heights) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComicsCharactersIntroducedIn1973
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathcliff_(Wuthering_Heights) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/ComicStrip107003352
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Command/Service_Module http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMissionsToTheMoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copley_Medal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiologyAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copley_Medal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicsAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copley_Medal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copley_Medal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_truce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFestivalsInAncientGreece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_truce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTruces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_truce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeaceTreaties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_truce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientOlympicGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalParksOfTanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMountainRangesOfTanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Mountain109359803
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInTanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMountainsOfTanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMountainRangesOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Range109403734
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVolcanoesOfTanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kilimanjaro http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVolcanoesOfTheGreatRiftValley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Chemical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1876
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Chemical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Chemical_Society http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInWashington,D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademiesOfSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_of_Sciences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInKent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCinquePorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInKent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheNorthSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheCTPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagakure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEdo-periodWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagakure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJapaneseBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagakure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthicsBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagakure http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-fictionBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_21 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_21 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowsley_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGardensByLancelot&quot;Capability&quot;Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowsley_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrimeMinisterialHomesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowsley_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topic_Maps http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnowledgeRepresentationLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topic_Maps http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIECStandards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topic_Maps http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatXML-basedStandards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topic_Maps http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatISOStandards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topic_Maps http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerStandards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat5th-centuryByzantinePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRomanConsuls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat5th-centuryByzantineEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat5th-centuryRomanEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientLegislators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientChildRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAttemptedAssassinationSurvivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersWhoTookPowerByCoup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSaintPetersburgStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianExpatriates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfSwedishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussian-GermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfTheCommunistPartyOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCominternPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMummies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromUlyanovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRussianCivilWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfGovernmentOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldSystemScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPseudonymousWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRussianRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheismActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTatarPeopleOfRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfJewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lenin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaintPetersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfTheCommonwealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfSierraLeone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfPakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfGhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenInTheCanadianArmedServices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfSaintVincentAndTheGrenadines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfTheGambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPrincesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfFiji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOfficersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfAntiguaAndBarbuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfJamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheThistle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsOfSouthAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfGuyana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColdWarLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfMalawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfMalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfBarbados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompanionsOfTheDistinguishedServiceOrder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWomenInWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLadiesOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfUganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfGrenada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAuxiliaryTerritorialServiceOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfPapuaNewGuinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfTrinidadAndTobago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheElephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishRoyalConsorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsOfCeylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfSaintLucia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfTheBahamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestantMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfTuvalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandOfficersOfTheOrderOfMeritOfTheItalianRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfSaintKittsAndNevis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfMauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenInWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfNigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfTheSolomonIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfStPatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenInWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfBelize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeadsOfStateOfKenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_century_BC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCenturies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigenous_peoples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigenous_peoples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanRights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigenous_peoples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauvais http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauvais http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfOise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauvais http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrefecturesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauvais http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclidean_vector http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclidean_vector http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_6 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_6 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_of_Science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBachelor'sDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesAccreditedByTheSouthernAssociationOfCollegesAndSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1838
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheResearchTriangle,NorthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMethodistUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1838
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInNorthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOakRidgeAssociatedUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInDurham,NorthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landskrona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landskrona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landskrona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishMunicipalSeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landskrona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landskrona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInSkåneCounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landskrona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalSeatsOfSkåneCounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landskrona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoastalCitiesAndTownsInSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDynamicalSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnNASDAQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1979
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworkingCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworkingCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworkingHardwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerHardwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectronicsCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFabulists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrettists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishOperaLibrettists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBarnstaple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlassScienceInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLand-grantUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInColumbus,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlagshipUniversitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1870
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOakRidgeAssociatedUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOptometrySchoolsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheAdriaticSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInTheMarche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediterraneanPortCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesOfTheMediterraneanSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanTownsAndCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoastalCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe4thCenturyBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metafont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Software106566077
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metafont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metafont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarkupLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metafont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFontFormats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreenlandicPeopleOfDanishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfTheArctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromIlulissat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreenlandicPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishEthnologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreenlandicInuitPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Rasmussen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeastDevelopedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWestAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1847
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfield_Township,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctTownshipsInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfield_Township,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownshipsInWayneCounty,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topics_(Aristotle) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksByAristotle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanFilmActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWomenFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languageFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaziPropagandists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFemaleFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSilentFilmActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanStageActresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNaziPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheKingdomOfBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWomenNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNuneaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWarwickshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfWelshDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfRoyalHolloway,UniversityOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPseudonymousWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eliot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWomenPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_801 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMMicroprocessors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_801 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMicroprocessors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_801 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_801 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMProducts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInSantaClaraCounty,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInPaloAlto,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareCompaniesBasedInTheSanFranciscoBayArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1970
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoftwareCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistance_movement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIResistanceMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistance_movement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalLiberationMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistance_movement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResistanceMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Object http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBookstoresInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Object http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtGalleriesInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCopenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryDanishPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishMedicalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bartholin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstitial_cell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachutes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParlophoneAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachutes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByKenNelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachutes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachutes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitolRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachutes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachutes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColdplayAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachutes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsRecordedAtParrStreetStudios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachutes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2000DebutAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGhostStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTravelWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMaleNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSomersTown,London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCamdenTown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNewspaperEditors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPrisonersAndDetainees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromChatham,Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPortsmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHistoricalNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChildren'sWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorrorWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEditors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_(Sum_41_song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRockSongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_(Sum_41_song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2005Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_(Sum_41_song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSum41Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_(Sum_41_song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRockBallads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_(Sum_41_song) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageSongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstars http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGameShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstars http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1999TelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstars http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingingCompetitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstars http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelecincoNetworkPrograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstars http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheWBShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Sirius_(1786) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShipsOfTheRoyalNavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Sirius_(1786) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1788–1850ShipsOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Sirius_(1786) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFull-riggedShipsOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Sirius_(1786) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShipwrecksOfNorfolkIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Sirius_(1786) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRotherhithe-builtShips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Sirius_(1786) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShipsOfTheFirstFleet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Sirius_(1786) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1780Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInCambridgeWithRoyalPatronage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExemptCharities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe13thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceMuseumsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsEstablishedIn1929
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricHouseMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInBromley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricHouseMuseumsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiographicalMuseumsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHeritageSitesInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBraunschweig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNeuroscientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Gottfried_von_Waldeyer-Hartz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Award_(radio) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1940sAmericanRadioPrograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Award_(radio) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCBSRadioPrograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unintended_consequences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrinciples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unintended_consequences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalLaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unintended_consequences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unintended_consequences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInEthics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unintended_consequences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProverbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unintended_consequences http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Analyst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1734Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Analyst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicsBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Analyst http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByGeorgeBerkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_comedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRadioFormats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_comedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRadioProgramsByGenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmProductionCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateEquityPortfolioCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSonySubsidiaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1924
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInLosAngeles,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInBeverlyHills,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediaCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheNewYorkStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEntertainmentCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInLosAngelesCounty,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAbstractPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWeimar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAbstractArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWatercolorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheCantonOfBern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExpressionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBern-MittellandDistrict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColorScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commander-in-chief http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommandersInChief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatU2Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByTheEdge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColumbiaRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1979Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDebutSingles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Medium106254669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByBono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(EP) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRockAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfAntiquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromLatin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanClassicalScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromChemnitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromGreek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheElectorateOfSaxony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortuguese–EnglishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalGeographicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromPortuguese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtCheamSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIncanScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNorthYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromSpanish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanish–EnglishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsToEnglish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalGeographicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolarExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtWestminsterSchool,London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishGeographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfPeru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniformitarianism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_integer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntegers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_integer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgebraicNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Coast_(RTA_Rapid_Transit_station) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRTARapidTransitStations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Coast_(RTA_Rapid_Transit_station) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Station104306080
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Coast_(RTA_Rapid_Transit_station) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRailwayStationsOpenedIn1996
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInDelaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesInTheDowJonesIndustrialAverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultinationalCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPubliclyTradedCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlasticsCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1802
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultinationalCompaniesHeadquarteredInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiotechnologyCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNanotechnologyCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheFrankfurtStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInNewCastleCounty,Delaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheNewYorkStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInWilmington,Delaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIT_Sloan_School_of_Management http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1914
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIT_Sloan_School_of_Management http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBusinessSchoolsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIT_Sloan_School_of_Management http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicResearchInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIT_Sloan_School_of_Management http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIT_Sloan_School_of_Management http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBusinessSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIT_Sloan_School_of_Management http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInCambridge,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIT_Sloan_School_of_Management http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBusinessSchoolsInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsEstablishedIn1775
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaviesByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iffland-Ring http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanTheatreAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iffland-Ring http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iffland-Ring http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheatreAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iffland-Ring http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActingAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iffland-Ring http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iffland-Ring http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connections_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultilingualJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connections_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn2002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connections_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalScienceJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connections_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Periodical106593296
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connections_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatQuarterlyJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_James_Lectures http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophyEvents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOutlaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishCriminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCountyMeath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLancashire(before1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglo-IrishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCountyWicklow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishSoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCountyClare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishCriminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBinghamton,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleTelevisionActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesArmySoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActorsFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Saint110546850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleMurderedInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChristianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEasternCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRulersOfFinland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsAndDamesGrandCrossOfTheEquestrianOrderOfTheHolySepulchre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictimsOfRedTerrorInSovietRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderedRussianMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutedRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryChristianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleExecutedByFiringSquad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutedPeopleFromSaintPetersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfThe1905RussianRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfDanishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderedMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRusso-JapaneseWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExecutedByRussiaByFiringSquad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExecutedByFiringSquad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfTheRoyalHouseOfChakri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianEmperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrthodoxMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEdwardianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianGrandDukes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutedPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersOustedByACoup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheElephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianTsars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAttemptedAssassinationSurvivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRussianCivilWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheHaguePeaceConferences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfTheMostHolyAnnunciation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEasternOrthodoxSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianOrthodoxSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRussianRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandCommandersOfTheOrderOfTheDannebrog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaintPetersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEasternOrthodoxPeopleExecutedByTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsWhoAbdicated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsWithCollarOfTheOrderOfTheSeraphim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishFieldMarshals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_II_of_Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWhoEmigratedToEscapeNazism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languageFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianExpatriatesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianExpatriatesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeopleOfMoravian-GermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfAustrianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSilentFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMargareten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfMoravian-GermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfAustrian-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWestern(genre)FilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfGerman-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInEmilia-Romagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanSitesOfEmilia-Romagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEtruscanSites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aether_theories http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAetherTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Bauch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Bauch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKantianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Bauch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integral_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integral_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntegralEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integral_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_relationship http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntimateRelationships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_relationship http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanRights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_relationship http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInterpersonalRelationships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEastAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeastDevelopedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBantuCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheOrganisationOfIslamicCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwahili-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandlockedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedNationsSpecializedAgencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalScientificOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeritageOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/State108168978
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalCulturalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalEducationalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCulturalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNESCO http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Planet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocumentaryFilmsAboutNature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Planet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionDocumentaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Planet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Television106277280
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatino-FaliscanLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalicLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormsOfLatin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–object–verbLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndo-EuropeanLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfVaticanCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFusionalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExtinctLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Grey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1847Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Grey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAutobiographicalNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Grey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Grey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDebutNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Grey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Grey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Grey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Grey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByAnneBrontë
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNottinghamForestF.C.Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFootballersFromSheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChesterfieldF.C.Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFootballers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFootballConferencePlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDoncasterRoversF.C.Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGatesheadF.C.Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssociationFootballForwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSheffieldUnitedF.C.Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheFootballLeaguePlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrimsbyTownF.C.Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assignment_(law) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEvanston,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEagleScouts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWhiteHouseChiefsOfStaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCarlyleGroupPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanDiplomats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIllinoisPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesSecretariesOfDefense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfSwissDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesNavyReservists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWinnetka,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesNavyOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPermanentRepresentativesOfTheUnitedStatesToNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromIllinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChiefExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincetonUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesCongressionalAides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewTrierHighSchoolAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRepublicanParty(UnitedStates)Politicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistinguishedEagleScouts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandOfficersOfTheOrderOfTheStarOfRomania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesNavalAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rumsfeld http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Studios http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediaCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Studios http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmProductionCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Studios http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1894
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Studios http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesDisestablishedIn1918
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_painting http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortraits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_painting http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rule_of_inference http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRulesOfInference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rule_of_inference http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicalExpressions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturalism_(literature) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturalism_(literature) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturalism_(literature) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturalism_(literature) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placemat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLinens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placemat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDomesticImplements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGeneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfEducation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAutobiographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissEmigrantsToFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEncyclopedists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrench-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAgeOfEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicCopyists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContributorsToTheEncyclopédie(1751–72)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinentalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheCantonOfGeneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToRomanCatholicismFromCalvinism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centurySwissWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLetterWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissWritersInFrench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissAutobiographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBalletComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdoptees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEncyclopedists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Rousseau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnti–VietnamWarActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrisonersAndDetaineesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfWelshDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmpiricists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLabourParty(UK)Politicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMonmouthshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTRightsActivistsFromTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAnti–nuclearWeaponsActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticsOfWorkAndTheWorkEthic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAnti-warActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheLondonSchoolOfEconomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPacifists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHistoriansOfPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDemocraticSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFreeLoveAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWelshPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPrisonersAndDetainees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPacifists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWesternWritersAboutSovietRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWelshNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSceptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSetTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUtilitarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlsInThePeerageOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWelshPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAnti–VietnamWarActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeMorganMedallists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpistemologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheismActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheAristotelianSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheLondonSchoolOfEconomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnti–WorldWarIActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Russell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_model http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptualModels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfAllSoulsCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHertfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatForeignMinisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Minister110320863
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConservativeParty(UK)Politicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishDiplomats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSecretariesOfStateForIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrimeMinistersOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersOfTheHouseOfLords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentMinistersOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEdwardianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfChristChurch,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersOfTheConservativeParty(UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishSecretariesOfStateForForeignAffairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheOxfordUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWithProsopagnosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishSecretariesOfState
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarquessesOfSalisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishSecretariesOfStateForForeignAndCommonwealthAffairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtEtonCollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarquessesInThePeerageOfGreatBritain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_3rd_Marquess_of_Salisbury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeersOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellowship_of_Reconciliation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeaceOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellowship_of_Reconciliation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNonviolenceOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bit_rate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bit_rate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mayor_of_Casterbridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksByThomasHardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mayor_of_Casterbridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_effects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_effects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerGraphicTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_effects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpecialEffects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocalGovernmentAreasInSydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSuburbsOfSydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsToEnglish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronetsInTheBaronetageOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanticPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPeopleWithDisabilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfMertonCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishJudges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishSongCollectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEldersOfTheChurchOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryScottishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromGerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincipalClerksOfSessionAndJusticiary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMythopoeicWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryJudges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersOfHistoricalFictionSetInTheMiddleAges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtTheRoyalHighSchool,Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWithDisabilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishJudges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryScottishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishHistoricalNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryScottishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheDuchyOfHolstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaxPlanckSocietyPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatQuantumPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeople'sPartyPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoreticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLorentzMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Western_Reserve_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInCleveland,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Western_Reserve_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Western_Reserve_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBibliophiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfMagdaleneCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheCityOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishCivilServants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtStPaul'sSchool,London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrisonersInTheTowerOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1817
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1690s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInSaxony-Anhalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1500s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_University_of_Halle-Wittenberg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brute-force_search http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Algorithm105847438
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brute-force_search http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCryptographicAttacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brute-force_search http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brute-force_search http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerSecurityExploits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brute-force_search http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSearchAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalRegionsInTheCzechRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalRegions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheHolyRomanEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketch_comedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionSketchShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketch_comedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketch_comedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheatricalGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1927
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCBSCorporationSubsidiaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediaInNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerViacomSubsidiaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cthulhu_Mythos http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksByH.P.Lovecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAgronomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHoya,Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgronomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheElectorateOfHanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUppsalaUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marischal_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolBuildingsCompletedIn1844
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marischal_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCategoryAListedBuildingsInAberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marischal_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Building102913152
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn862
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussian-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNortheastAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSlavicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEastAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorthAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfIndependentStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCentralAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInSaxony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCouncilOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syntax_(logic) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syntax_(logic) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Bosio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Bosio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Bosio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Bosio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianClassicalScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Bosio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAntiquarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Bosio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavor_(non-profit) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavor_(non-profit) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-profitOrganizationsBasedInNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavor_(non-profit) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalCharities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavor_(non-profit) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1997
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeoclassicalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoliticalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEditors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSatirists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishFantasyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglo-IrishArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAphorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishPoliticalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryIrishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryIrishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglo-IrishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDublin(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishChildren'sWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeansOfSt.Patrick'sCathedral,Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryIrishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfHertfordCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTrinityCollege,Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishSatirists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAgeOfEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFantasyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtKilkennyCollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCountyDublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Swift http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSatirists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfMecklenburg-Vorpommern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInMecklenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInGermany(BalticSea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBordersOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheBalticSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInMecklenburg-Vorpommern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInMecklenburg-Vorpommern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianCardinals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChurchHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryRomanCatholicPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Saint110546850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatServantsOfGod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Leader109623038
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfTheRomanCatholicChurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryRomanCatholicPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfFrosinone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Baronius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissancePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1960_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Tournament107464725
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1960_U.S._Open_(golf) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsInDenver,Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Games http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Game100456199
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Games http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOlympicGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Games http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMulti-sportEvents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Games http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Event100029378
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_spaceflight http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGoogleEmployees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDirectorsOfGoogle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanCorporateDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfIrishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAssociationForComputingMachinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillanovaUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStonyBrookUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvostsOfStanfordUniversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfStanfordUniversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Hennessy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsey_scale http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Wright http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCharactersIntroducedIn2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Wright http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEastEndersCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Wright http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/FictionalCharacter109587565
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringUniversitiesAndCollegesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Padua http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe13thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Mabuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalMadScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Mabuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalGermanPeopleInLiterature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Mabuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Mabuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryVillains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Mabuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCriminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Mabuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalPsychologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Mabuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianExpatriatesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedievalGermanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedievalMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGmunden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Gmunden http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Germany_(cultural_area) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Germany_(cultural_area) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatETHZurichAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGroupTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Frobenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfBrandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_11 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_11 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAkron,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOberlinCollegeAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRolfSchockPrizeLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKyotoLaureatesInArtsAndPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaterialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanLinguists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPragmatists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesNavyOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheCommitteeForSkepticalInquiry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSetTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTarskiLecturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophyAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpistemologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmpiricists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModelTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBurlington,Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientistsWhoCommittedSuicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDuPontPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTextileScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventorsWhoCommittedSuicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolymerScientistsAndEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Carothers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_(optics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFiberOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_(optics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometricalOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dental_sealant http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDentalMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Character_(arts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croydon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfCroydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croydon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheCRPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croydon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAreasOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croydon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarketTownsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croydon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarketTownsInSurrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croydon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croydon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfLondonListedInTheDomesdayBook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderedScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat3rd-centuryBCPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSyracuse,Sicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGreekMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSicilianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat3rd-centuryBCWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat3rd-centuryBCGreekPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDoricGreekWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSicilianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgebraists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderVictims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHellenistic-eraPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheLSPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetropolitanBoroughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarketTownsInWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCatacombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCemeteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubterraneanStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Geophysical_Year http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedNationsObservances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInformationTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincetonUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWashington,D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_man_or_woman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLegendaryProgenitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_College_Belfast http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberSchoolsOfTheHeadmasters'AndHeadmistresses'Conference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_College_Belfast http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrammarSchoolsInBelfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_College_Belfast http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMethodistSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_College_Belfast http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1865
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_College_Belfast http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/School108276720
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_(physics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaughtersOfBarons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishComputerProgrammers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenInTechnology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingLanguageDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWomenScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryWomenWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishComputerProgrammers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenInEngineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishCountesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeersOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasiilaq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasiilaq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasiilaq http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1894
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonsense_song http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSongForms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Newspaper106267145
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitectureMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLiteraryMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1910
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsDisestablishedIn1932
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languageMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCulturalMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sturm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Magazine106595351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compact_Cassette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHomeComputerPeripherals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compact_Cassette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/StorageMedium106263762
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_architecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMicroprocessors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_architecture http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMIPSMicroprocessors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLymeRegis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPalaeontologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishDissenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenPaleontologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaleontologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWomenScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryWomenScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPaleontologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_20 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_20 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Christian_Tychsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrientalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Christian_Tychsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanOrientalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Christian_Tychsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLutheranTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Christian_Tychsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumismatists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Christian_Tychsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Christian_Tychsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNordfriesland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Christian_Tychsen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Hermann_Ludwig_Heeren http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Hermann_Ludwig_Heeren http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Hermann_Ludwig_Heeren http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Hermann_Ludwig_Heeren http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBremen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Passage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTradeRoutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Passage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Passage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStraits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Passage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShippingRoutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_(engineering) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecturalElements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattlesOfTheWarOf1812
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheStatesAndPeoplesOfNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Agency108337324
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1789
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgenciesOfTheUnitedStatesGovernment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesFederalExecutiveDepartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerUnitedStatesExecutiveDepartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheKingdomOfHanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDifferentialGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Riemann http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInThuringia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandmarksInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchDJs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchDanceMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHouseMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchElectronicMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(musician) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaskedMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDividedRegions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEastAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNortheastAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1948
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1836
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExemptCharities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_population http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnvironmentalIssues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutting_Associates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutting_Associates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctCompaniesBasedInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutting_Associates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctVideoGameCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutting_Associates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1968
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutting_Associates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesDisestablishedIn1976
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInVeneto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfTheProvinceOfVerona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_7 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_7 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Silliman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMineralogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Silliman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Silliman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Silliman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Silliman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Silliman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatYaleUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Silliman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_28 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_28 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kinsey_Report http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalGroupsEstablishedIn1984
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kinsey_Report http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFamilyMusicalGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kinsey_Report http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalGroupsFromIndiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_V._Book http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_V._Book http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_V._Book http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_V._Book http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoreticalComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_V._Book http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHighSheriffsOfHertfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithThePittRiversMuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBurnham,Buckinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheBritishScienceAssociation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAntiquarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLyellMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheSocietyOfAntiquariesOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evans_(archaeologist) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNumismatists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enriched_uranium http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActinides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enriched_uranium http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enriched_uranium http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSeparationProcesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromYorkCounty,Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSilentFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromNebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleSilentFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfFrenchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVaudevillePerformers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_(business) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aggregate_(composite) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompositeMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aggregate_(composite) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGranularMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtMelbourneGrammarSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Minister110320863
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianPeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentMinistersOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTreasurersOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishViscounts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHighCommissionersOfAustraliaToTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorcestershireRegimentOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStewardsOfHenleyRoyalRegatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrimeMinistersOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianDiplomats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityHall,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedAustraliaPartyPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticiansFromMelbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMelbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianMinistersForForeignAffairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bruce http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBowdoinCollegeAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHoboken,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEntomologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTScientistsFromTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEntomologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSexEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBisexualWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSouthOrange,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTPeopleFromTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTWritersFromTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBisexualMen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEagleScouts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kinsey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfLuxembourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfDjibouti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfLebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfPuducherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfFrenchPolynesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfVanuatu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMadagascar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfVietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfComoros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSeychelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSenegal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfRéunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanceLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCameroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMauritania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAlgeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBenin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–verb–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfIvoryCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCambodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSaintMartin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheRepublicOfTheCongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheDemocraticRepublicOfTheCongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTheCentralAfricanRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfFrenchGuiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBurkinaFaso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOïlLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEquatorialGuinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMorocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfVaticanCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfHaiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfRwanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfNiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBurundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGuinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfNewCaledonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfLaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfChad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfMonaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFusionalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1919
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1933
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finite_set http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCardinalNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finite_set http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBasicConceptsInSetTheory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGeologicalSocietyOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologicalCollectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLymeRegis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnimalArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishBirdArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalsBasedOnFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWestEndMusicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOff-BroadwayMusicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1988Musicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Musical107019172
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheBritishIsles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheNorthAtlanticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheEnglishChannel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheNorthSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_d'Urbervilles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_d'Urbervilles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_d'Urbervilles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1891Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_d'Urbervilles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_d'Urbervilles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByThomasHardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casting_(performing_arts) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPerformingArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOperatorTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKönigsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hilbert http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensional_Fund_Advisors http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensional_Fund_Advisors http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMutualFundFamilies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensional_Fund_Advisors http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInvestmentManagementCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensional_Fund_Advisors http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInAustin,Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensional_Fund_Advisors http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1981
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biological_data http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatData
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biological_data http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiologicalTechniquesAndTools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaviesByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsEstablishedIn1707
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdomWithRoyalPatronage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Navy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Air_Force http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAirForcesByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Air_Force http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsEstablishedIn1923
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Air_Force http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Africa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founder_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1986
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founder_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founder_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInBeijing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founder_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectronicsCompaniesOfChina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founder_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerHardwareCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founder_Group http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernment-ownedCompaniesOfChina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfVar(department)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrefecturesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabic-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheOrganisationOfIslamicCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfLaFrancophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1922
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMiddleEasternCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeveloping8CountriesMemberStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslamicStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorthAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheArabLeague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geocentric_model http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyScientificCosmologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geocentric_model http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetaphysicalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geocentric_model http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatObsoleteScientificTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalProblems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpacecraftComponents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Occupation100582388
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_engineering http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringDisciplines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_(Katie_Melua_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKatieMeluaAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_(Katie_Melua_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJazzAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_(Katie_Melua_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_(Katie_Melua_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_(Katie_Melua_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2007Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_(Katie_Melua_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Medium106254669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_of_Parsonstown http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalObservatoriesInTheRepublicOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_of_Parsonstown http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInBirr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_of_Parsonstown http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Observatory103839671
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilAwardsAndDecorations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAwardsEstablishedIn1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Award106696483
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilAwardsAndDecorationsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Literary_technique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoeticDevices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_Salaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Structure104341686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_Salaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanRoadsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_Salaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanRoads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_Salaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStreetsInRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_world http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCulturalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_world http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountryClassifications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_world http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markov_chain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStochasticProcesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markov_chain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarkovProcesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_(number) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Number105121418
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_(number) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntegers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrefecturesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeninPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietNon-fictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialistRealismWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianExpatriates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNizhnyNovgorodGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussian-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNizhnyNovgorod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialistRealismArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSovietDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPseudonymousWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Gorky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBulgarianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBulgarianPeopleByEthnographicRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMacedonianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSerbianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpiresOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInTheMiddleEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalRegions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn247BC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToProtestantismFromJudaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleOfHungarianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishRefugees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommandersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianEmigrantsToTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianRefugees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBudapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfImperialCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPest,Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHungarianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Gabor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oath_of_allegiance http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOaths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oath_of_allegiance http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryTraditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oath_of_allegiance http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOathsOfAllegiance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantianism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalSchoolsAndTraditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transfinite_number http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBasicConceptsInInfiniteSetTheory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transfinite_number http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrdinalNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transfinite_number http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transfinite_number http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCardinalNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_State_Legislature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Legislature108163273
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_State_Legislature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStateLegislaturesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_State_Legislature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBicameralLegislatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountiesOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfEnglandEstablishedInAntiquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Subdivision108674251
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robbers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1781Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robbers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robbers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Play107007945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robbers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robbers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languagePlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robbers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlaysByFriedrichSchiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robbers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plot_(graphics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstrumentMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Peuerbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_25 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_25 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelling_salesman_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraphAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelling_salesman_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHamiltonianPathsAndCycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelling_salesman_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNP-completeProblems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelling_salesman_problem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputationalProblemsInGraphTheory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBenedictineOblates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVenice(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBenedictineNuns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScholarsOfAncientPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Cornaro_Piscopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianWomenPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_7030_Stretch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_7030_Stretch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMProducts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_7030_Stretch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSupercomputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_7030_Stretch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_7030_Stretch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMSupercomputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_7030_Stretch http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMTransistorizedComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historical_editions_(music) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCollectedEditionsOfClassicalComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton,_West_Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton,_West_Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton,_West_Yorkshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesInWestYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Ocean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Ocean109376198
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Ocean http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOceans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAshford,Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfEmmanuelCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfQueens'College,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfQueens'College,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPresbyterianMinistersOfTheInterregnum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrammariansOfEnglish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSavilianProfessorsOfGeometry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtFelstedSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOriginalFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishCryptographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrammarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParticipantsInTheSavoyConference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatByzantineEmpireSuccessorStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1923
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesInMedievalAnatolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1300
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTurkicStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalTurkicStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInTheMiddleEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1922
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1299
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clock_signal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalComponents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsInTompkinsCounty,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLand-grantUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1865
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_induction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalProofs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_induction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrinciples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonsus_Ciacconius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centurySpanishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonsus_Ciacconius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishRomanCatholicPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonsus_Ciacconius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonsus_Ciacconius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfTheRomanCatholicChurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonsus_Ciacconius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonsus_Ciacconius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centurySpanishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonsus_Ciacconius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtCollectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonsus_Ciacconius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBaeza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1927_in_film http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatYearsInFilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitaa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitaa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubdivisionsOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Event_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Event_(philosophy) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEvents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_K._Flowers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_K._Flowers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_K._Flowers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthernIllinoisUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_K._Flowers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesAirForceGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_K._Flowers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_K._Flowers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNorthCarolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInCrawfordCounty,Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundraising http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharityFundraisers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(theatre) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(theatre) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_of_the_United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatParliamentsByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_of_the_United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalLegislatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_of_the_United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Legislature108163273
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_of_the_United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBicameralLegislatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInFlanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfFlemishBrabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Municipality108626283
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincialCapitalsOfFlanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_rescue_boat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShipsOfTheUnitedStatesNavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_rescue_boat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryBoats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSoapOperas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1985TelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianTelevisionSoapOperas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionDramas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworkTenShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEleven(TVChannel)Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSevenNetworkShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChannel5(UK)TelevisionProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1985AustralianTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Source http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalGroupsFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Source http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalGroupsEstablishedIn1989
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Source http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalGroupsDisestablishedIn1994
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Source http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalGroupsFromToronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Source http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHipHopCollectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Romanov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEuropeanRoyalFamilies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Romanov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Royalty108153437
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Development_aid http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubsidies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInBaden-Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe14thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_3 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_3 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undergraduate_education http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undergraduate_education http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalStages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeastDevelopedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBantuCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1964
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandlockedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byronic_hero http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeroesByRole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchArtCollectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHanau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryGermanPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheDutchGoldenAge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeidenUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryDutchPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Sylvius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeopleOfLithuanianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKaunas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Minkowski http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfFinland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–verb–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVerb-secondLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTonalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorthGermanicLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCaliphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheSupremeOrderOfTheRenaissance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromIstanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHashemitePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuslimRulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJordanianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSaudiArabianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabNationalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromJeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheOrderOfIndependence(Jordan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfHejaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlagDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_bin_Ali,_Sharif_of_Mecca http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSaudiArabianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_650 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMVacuumTubeComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_650 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMProducts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_650 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_650 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_650 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMainframeComputers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROM_cartridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerPeripherals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROM_cartridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameConsoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROM_cartridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerConnectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROM_cartridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerStorageMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEastwood,Nottinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfNottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtNottinghamHighSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBisexualWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNottinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGayWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishShortStoryWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernistWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAutomotiveEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBarton,Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotivePioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeneralMotorsFormerExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfFrenchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMechanicalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotiveEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Race http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnologicalRaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalSeatsInCapitalRegionOfDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe11thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalSeatsOfDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheBalticSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInCapitalRegionOfDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restriction_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionsAndMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landscape_art http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandscapePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_education http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenAndEducation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbon_Restoration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1814
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbon_Restoration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedInThe1830s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbon_Restoration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbon_Restoration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbon_Restoration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1830
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_efficiency_in_transportation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnergyUseComparisons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_Georgia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_Georgia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTroupCounty,Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_Georgia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheChattahoocheeRiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_Georgia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInGeorgia(U.S.State)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_Georgia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInGeorgia(U.S.State)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_Georgia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMicropolitanAreasOfGeorgia(U.S.State)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_Georgia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInGeorgia(U.S.State)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_Georgia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGeorgia(U.S.State)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Term_(logic) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRewritingSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortar_(masonry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingMaterials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Francesco_Gori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFlorence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Francesco_Gori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAntiquarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Francesco_Gori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Illuminating_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Illuminating_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctCompaniesBasedInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pithiviers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfLoiret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pithiviers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronsdorf http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInNorthRhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalBeingsFromParallelUniverses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUltimateMarvelCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUltimates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2002ComicDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimates http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharactersCreatedByMarkMillar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVassarCollegeAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPutnamCounty,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Maury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBrazilianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocalGovernmentDistrictsOfSouthWestEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitaryAuthorityDistrictsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInTheBritishIsles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS2StatisticalRegionsOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCelticCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulasOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfEnglandEstablishedInAntiquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulasOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enigma_Variations http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVariations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_code_elimination http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompilerOptimizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single-wire_transmission_line http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPowerCables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfGonvilleAndCaiusCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfGonvilleAndCaiusCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPathologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfKing'sCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNeuroscientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtIpswichSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFullerianProfessorsOfPhysiology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeuroscientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPathologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatutoryProfessorsOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfKing'sCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfFitzwilliamCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfMagdalenCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfMagdalenCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysiologyOrMedicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_Sherrington http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hejaz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hejaz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalRegions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hejaz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMegalithicMonumentsInTheMiddleEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parent-in-law http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_krona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCurrenciesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_krona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Currency113385913
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_krona http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCurrenciesByCountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInHenryCounty,Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1835
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByKarlMarx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksInPoliticalPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1848Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByFriedrichEngels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophyBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFuturologyBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunistBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByKarlMarxAndFriedrichEngels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPamphlets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrento http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanTownsAndCitiesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrento http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrento http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInCampania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrento http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanSitesOfCampania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrento http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpaTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrento http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWeeklyMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Magazine106595351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeeklyMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1974
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeeklyNewspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMagazinesEstablishedIn1974
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(magazine) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCelebrityMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecklenburg_County,_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecklenburg_County,_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVirginiaCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Request_(Juju_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJapanese-languageAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Request_(Juju_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoversAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Request_(Juju_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2010Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Request_(Juju_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInSaintPetersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsOfInternationalRelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1819
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfAppalachia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPennsylvaniaCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLaurelHighlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1773
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHighSheriffsOfLincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfChristChurch,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronetsInTheBaronetageOfGreatBritain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheSocietyOfAntiquariesOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfThePacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTrusteesOfTheBritishMuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtEtonCollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtHarrowSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeersOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Helens,_Merseyside http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsAndVillagesInStHelens,Merseyside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Helens,_Merseyside http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheWAPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Helens,_Merseyside http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Helens,_Merseyside http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInMerseyside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionsAndMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internationalism_(politics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internationalism_(politics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalIdeologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internationalism_(politics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocalGovernmentDistrictsOfTheWestMidlands(region)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInWorcestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheWRPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesInTheWestMidlands(county)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheWestMidlands(region)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountyTownsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-metropolitanDistrictsOfWorcestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheRiverSevern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-metropolitanDistricts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_High_School_(Ohio) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicHighSchoolsInOhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_High_School_(Ohio) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHighSchoolsInMiamiCounty,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerkeley,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromOhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCincinnati,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSociologistsOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kuhn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGuggenheimFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episcopal_Church_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1789
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episcopal_Church_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanOrganizationsEstablishedInThe18thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episcopal_Church_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatReligiousOrganizationsEstablishedIn1789
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episcopal_Church_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianDenominationsEstablishedInThe18thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episcopal_Church_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanDenominationsInNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMaleStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheatreCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanTheatreDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeneralDirectorsOfTheBerlinStateOpera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Municipality108626283
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS2StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEuropeWithMultipleOfficialLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutonomousRegions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS1StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnclaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valhalla,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valhalla,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCensus-designatedPlacesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valhalla,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCensus-designatedPlacesInWestchesterCounty,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valhalla,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valhalla,_New_York http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInWestchesterCounty,NewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychoanalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheMargraviateOfMoravia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPříbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMedicalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianNeurologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAustrianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeurologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPsychoanalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsAndWritersOnNarcissism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEdwardianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPsychologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaterialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleCondemnedByNaziCourts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAustrianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Freud http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPsychiatrists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatETHZurichAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaintPetersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWithBipolarDisorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaltic-GermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSetTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Cantor http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWardensOfKebleCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAnglicanPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfRiponCollegeCuddesdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAnglicanPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHampstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTrinityCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToAnglicanism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfBalliolCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSermonWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Farrer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtStPaul'sSchool,London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincesOfSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLeipzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaltic-GermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBarons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcolePolytechniqueAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Grotthuss http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-metropolitanCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfEnglandEstablishedInAntiquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Academy_of_Arts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Museum103800563
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Academy_of_Arts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMuseumsAndGalleriesInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Academy_of_Arts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInTheCityOfWestminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Academy_of_Arts http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMuseumsEstablishedIn1768
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoebox_style_(architecture) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecturalStyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfAncona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOfficersOfTheOrderOfOrange-Nassau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMontessoriTeachers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPediatricians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPsychiatrists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianExpatriatesInTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfEducation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPsychologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianWomenPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryItalianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montessori http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWestOxfordshire(district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronetsInTheBaronetageOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishOrientalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalGeographicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEastIndiaCompanyArmyOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishOrientalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalGeographicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompanionsOfTheOrderOfTheBath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdministratorsInBritishIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLinguists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromOldPersian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–object–verbLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfUkraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSlovakia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfCroatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVowel-harmonyLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSerbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgglutinativeLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfVojvodina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfRomania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfHungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSlovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineering_technologist http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineering_technologist http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Grotefend http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Grotefend http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Grotefend http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanOrientalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Grotefend http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanClassicalScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Grotefend http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAchaemenidPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Grotefend http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Grotefend http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLinguistsFromGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Grotefend http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_fame http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHallsOfFame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_fame http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_fame http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHallsOfFameInCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protestantism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianDenominations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protestantism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianDenominationalFamilies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Draper http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBrazilianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antichrist http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDemons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antichrist http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConspiracyTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheRepublicOfChina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingArmenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingRomania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCostaRica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingGreece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingJapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlobalConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingNicaragua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSriLanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingPanama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheStatesAndPeoplesOfOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSerbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheOttomanEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingPortugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSouthAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingHungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingGuatemala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingThailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRusso-TurkishWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingLiberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCzechoslovakia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingChina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingMontenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCroatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBrazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingHaiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingBritishIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSeafaringFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianDocumentaryFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1950sDocumentaryFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsDirectedByLouisMalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchDocumentaryFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocumentaryFilmsAboutNature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Movie106613686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1956Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Melchior http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOceanographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Melchior http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Melchior http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Melchior http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Melchior http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAquanauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Melchior http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Melchior http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnderwaterDivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Melchior http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromToulon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartesianism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalSchoolsAndTraditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfPeterhouse,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheIndustrialRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLucasianProfessorsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishBusinessTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalAstronomicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSouthwark(LondonBorough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtTotnesGrammarSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishInformationTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMechanicalCalculators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babbage http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Gengzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat5th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Gengzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientChineseMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Gengzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat6th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Gengzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiangDynastyPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Gengzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthernQiPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfAllSoulsCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScholarsOfMarxism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheBritishAcademy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtStPaul'sSchool,London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromRiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatErasmusPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatvianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGiambattistaVicoScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRefugeesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheAristotelianSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheBritishAcademy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalisedCitizensOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommandersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatutoryProfessorsOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLibertarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialLiberals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatvianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheGovernorateOfLivonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatvianEmigrantsToTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfWolfsonCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfCorpusChristiCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfGerman-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNon-fictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Reichenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1787
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNortheasternUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMycologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPre-LinnaeanBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTravelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPteridologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanistsWithAuthorAbbreviations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMycologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAix-en-Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pitton_de_Tournefort http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left-wing_politics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalIdeologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromManhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleTelevisionActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleFilmActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleVideoGameActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFiorelloH.LaGuardiaHighSchoolAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActorsFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatActorsFromNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTwinPeopleFromTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanVoiceActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryAmericanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfMontserratianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthetic_membrane http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSeparationProcesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternetPioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAssociationForComputingMachinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincetonUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStanfordUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1996AmericanTelevisionSeriesEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1991AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNBCNetworkShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionSoapOperas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1991TelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/ComputerGame100458890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1976VideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaddle-and-ballVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamesDevelopedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommodore64Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtari2600Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtari8-bitFamilyGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtariArcadeGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIPodGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultiplayerVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMobileGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAndroidGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGameBoyColorGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtariJaguarGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlayStationGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtariGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWindowsGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtari5200Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArcadeGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMSXGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIOSGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDystopianNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1910Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1910sScienceFictionNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1890sScienceFictionNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviationNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByH.G.Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1899Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScienceFictionNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTimeTravelNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Hata_Building http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresCompletedIn1912
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Hata_Building http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRetailBuildingsInHawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Hata_Building http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresOnTheNationalRegisterOfHistoricPlacesInHawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Hata_Building http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommercialBuildingsInHawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Klingenstierna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Klingenstierna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Klingenstierna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Klingenstierna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Klingenstierna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Klingenstierna http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_1916 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1983Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_1916 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarINovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_1916 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByAleksandrSolzhenitsyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester,_Dorset http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountyTownsInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester,_Dorset http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarketTownsInDorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester,_Dorset http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInTheDTPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester,_Dorset http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInDorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester,_Dorset http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bull http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFolkloristicCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bull http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalSymbolsOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bull http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPosters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bull http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalSymbolsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bull http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSymbols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCornellUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drake http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromChicago,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relationalism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetaphysicalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relationalism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheBritishComputerSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishExpatriatesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOfficersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBarnes,London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMacArthurFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalAcademyOfEngineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtEmanuelSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheQueen'sCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheQueen'sCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishComputerProgrammers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJapanPrizeLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternetPioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_algorithm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_algorithm http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSearchAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americas http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Continent109254614
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americas http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtectedAreasOfNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUninhabitedIslandsOfNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Island109316454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpecialTerritoriesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpecialEconomicZones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutonomousCountrySubdivisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfTheArctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDependentTerritoriesInNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInuitTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1979
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfTheArcticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNordicCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImpressionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDivisionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtistsFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchImpressionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Delaunay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systems_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiologyTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systems_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEvaluationMethods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systems_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoriesOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retired_number http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTeamSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retired_number http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInCambridgeWithRoyalPatronage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1540s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_College,_Cambridge http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideal_number http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicsSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsOfInternationalRelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBusinessSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1895
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etruscan_civilization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etruscan_civilization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalCulturesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etruscan_civilization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientPeoplesOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etruscan_civilization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etruscan_civilization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerConfederations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etruscan_civilization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1829
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSt.Joseph,Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfTheVietnamWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBloggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarCorrespondentsOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBroadcastNewsAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpaceAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionReportersAndCorrespondents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBroadcastNewsAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmateurRadioPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMissouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSanJacintoHighSchoolAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat60MinutesCorrespondents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanGameShowHosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfDutchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarCorrespondents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDrugPolicyReformActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWarCorrespondents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionHosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_7 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_7 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimizing_compiler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompilers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsberg,_Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInRhineland-Palatinate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsberg,_Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthernUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheConfederateStatesOfAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1607
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConfederateStatesOfAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1788
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpaceLaunchVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallisticMissiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIInfantryWeaponsOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeaponsOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSurface-to-surfaceMissiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShort-rangeBallisticMissiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-2 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIWeapons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVampiresInWrittenFiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1928ShortStories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCthulhuMythosStories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCthulhuMythosNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByH.P.Lovecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1927Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1920sFantasyNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShortStoriesByH.P.Lovecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorrorNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/ShortStory106371999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1941Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShortStories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Charles_Dexter_Ward http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_(geometry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoordinateSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_(geometry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wedgwood_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromStoke-on-Trent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wedgwood_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wedgwood_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wedgwood_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wedgwood_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wedgwood_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPioneersOfPhotography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wedgwood_(photographer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEtruria,Staffordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVillagesOnTheIsleOfWight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPostTownsInThePOPostcodeArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsOnTheIsleOfWight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarboursOfTheIsleOfWight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_12 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_12 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_(band) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanProgressiveRockMusicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_(band) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2000sMusicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_(band) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanRockMusicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_(band) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalQuintets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_(band) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_affinity http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalProperties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breslau,_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDesignatedPlacesInOntario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breslau,_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Y._Malcomson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Y._Malcomson http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalsBasedOnFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1982Musicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWestEndMusicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBroadwayMusicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Musical107019172
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(musical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksAboutFilmDirectorsAndProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1843
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInPolkCounty,Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheUndergroundRailroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInPolkCounty,Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInIowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethyl_sulfate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthylEsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_education http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOccupationsInMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Behaviour_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElsevierAcademicJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Behaviour_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonthlyJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Behaviour_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Behaviour_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologyJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Behaviour_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthologyJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Behaviour_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Periodical106593296
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Behaviour_(journal) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1953
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStarsWithProperNames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatG-typeMain-sequenceStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatG-typeStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFlemishBrabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Saint110546850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBelgianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBelgianMonks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBelgianMissionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHawaiiCatholicPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryChristianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanitarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExhumedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicMissionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBelgianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBelgianRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBelgianRomanCatholicPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBelgianRomanCatholicMissionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCatholicMissionariesInHawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBeatifiedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMolokai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBelgianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryRomanCatholicPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Damien http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPicpusFathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS2StatisticalRegionsOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutonomousRegionsOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Region108630039
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediterraneanIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWineRegionsOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicily http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesOnTheItalianPeninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExecutedForTreasonAgainstEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWestminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesInThePeerageOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfCornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConvertsToRomanCatholicismFromAnglicanism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheEnglishCivilWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLordHighAdmirals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfFrenchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMonarchsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfDanishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfItalianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlsOfChester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfRothesay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II_of_England http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variable_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVariables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Turkish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Turkish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAltaicLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Turkish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTurkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Turkish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgglutinativeLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Turkish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExtinctLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Turkish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTurkicLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Turkish_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1890sScienceFictionNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScienceFictionNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByH.G.Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlienInvasionsInFiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1898Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judaism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAbrahamicReligions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judaism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonotheisticReligions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMarquesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAbolitionists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAmericanRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHaute-Loire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryLeadersOfTheFrenchRevolutionaryWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOccitanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheFrenchRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchCommandersOfTheNapoleonicWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilhellenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnti–deathPenaltyActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeopleOfTheAmericanRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfSaintLouis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinentalArmyGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheFrenchRevolutionaryWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheBourbonRestoration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_du_Motier,_Marquis_de_Lafayette http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_subexpression_elimination http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompilerOptimizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsOfPublicHealthInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitectureSchoolsInIllinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInChicago,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1859
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUrban13Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStateUniversitiesInIllinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1859
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Rhodesia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerProtectorates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Rhodesia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1924
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Rhodesia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Rhodesia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDemographicsOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousPeoplesOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeoclassicalPalaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentialPalaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHousesCompletedIn1800
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresInTheUnitedStatesDestroyedByArson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsOfTheUnitedStatesGovernmentInWashington,D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentBuildingsInWashington,D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHousesOnTheNationalRegisterOfHistoricPlacesInWashington,D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPalacesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRebuiltBuildingsAndStructuresInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Building102913152
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basis_(linear_algebra) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVectorSpaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flemish_Baroque_painting http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaroquePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flemish_Baroque_painting http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C60_(band) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHardRockMusicalGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C60_(band) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalGroupsFromMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnicalUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step-growth_polymerization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolymerizationReactions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step-growth_polymerization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalReactions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step-growth_polymerization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatReactionMechanisms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_equations http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_equations http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolynomials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfBrandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanOphthalmologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFaradayLecturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColorScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKantianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcousticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanBiophysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPotsdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiophysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicPsychologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Helmholtz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIdeologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalIdeologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Sandwich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarldoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Sandwich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarldomsInThePeerageOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomical_object http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomicalObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymer_science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolymers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Watson_Research_Center http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEeroSaarinenStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Watson_Research_Center http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLaboratoriesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Watson_Research_Center http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSupercomputerSites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Watson_Research_Center http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIBMFacilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheNorthSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheNetherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesOfSouthHolland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInSouthHolland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Third_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Third_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1870
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Third_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedInThe1870s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Third_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Third_Republic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1940
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Science_Fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionMagazinesEstablishedInThe1930s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Science_Fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1939
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Science_Fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPulpMagazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Science_Fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctScienceFictionMagazinesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Science_Fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsDisestablishedIn1960
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmaceutical_drug http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDrugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphism_(art) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1974BritishTelevisionProgrammeEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSitcoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSatiricalTelevisionProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1969BritishTelevisionProgrammeDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1969TelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionDramas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishTelevisionSketchShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEntertainmentNewsShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro,_Marquis_de_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanArmyCommandersInTheWarOfTheSpanishSuccession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro,_Marquis_de_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVerona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro,_Marquis_de_Maffei http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianSoldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usenet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternetProtocols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usenet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPre–WorldWideWebOnlineServices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usenet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternetStandards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usenet http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVirtualCommunities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Event100029378
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryRebellions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_11 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_11 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrench-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanDiplomats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAphorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheElectorateOfSaxony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLeipzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRationalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIdealists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanJurists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfReligion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMechanicalCalculators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestantPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfLaFrancophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCouncilOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1821
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCorporateExecutivesInTheAutomobileIndustry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBelgianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfIrishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEditors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDearborn,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromClarkston,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotivePioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAutomotiveEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleInTheAutomobileIndustry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPropagandists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanIndustrialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBillionaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandSpeedRecordPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotiveEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmission_(mechanics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotiveTransmissionTechnologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmission_(mechanics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomobileTransmissions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmission_(mechanics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotiveTechnologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheIndustrialRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryScottishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGlasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUlsterScotsPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiscoverersOfChemicalElements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFounderFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfGlasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfGlasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicistsFromNorthernIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Black http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe1stMillenniumBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfTheProvinceOfMilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInLombardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verificationism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpistemologicalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsEstablishedIn1824
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsEstablishedIn1825
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceMuseumsInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIMAXVenues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Museum103800563
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInPhiladelphia,Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiographicalMuseumsInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAerospaceMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smeatonian_Society_of_Civil_Engineers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smeatonian_Society_of_Civil_Engineers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1771
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychoanalytic_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoriesOfAesthetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychoanalytic_theory http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychologicalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSanJoseStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSanFrancisco,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleMurderedInRwanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAnthropologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWomenScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderedScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnthropologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfDarwinCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMammalogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientistsFromCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEnvironmentalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMurderVictims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMammalogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenEthologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Fossey http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_Summer_Olympics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Game100456199
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_Summer_Olympics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOlympicGamesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_Summer_Olympics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsCompetitionsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_Summer_Olympics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSummerOlympicGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_wiring http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPowerCables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryItalianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfLucca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vallisneri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Grey_Whistle_Test http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1971BritishTelevisionProgrammeDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Grey_Whistle_Test http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMusicTelevisionProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Grey_Whistle_Test http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Grey_Whistle_Test http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1988BritishTelevisionProgrammeEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_University_School_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1841
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_University_School_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsOfMedicineInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_University_School_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_University_School_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYorkUniversitySchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_University_School_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1841
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_University_School_of_Medicine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsOfMedicineInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientCelticPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_people http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorthGermanicPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_18 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_18 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_consequence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInLogic#
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_consequence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson's_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEllipticPartialDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson's_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPartialDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson's_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEquationsOfPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson's_equation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDifferentialEquations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_century http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCenturies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmopolitanism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmopolitanism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmopolitanism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirichlet_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExponentialFamilyDistributions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirichlet_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConjugatePriorDistributions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirichlet_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMultivariateContinuousDistributions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirichlet_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinuousDistributions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirichlet_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityDistributions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_extraterrestrial_intelligence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInterstellarMessages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_extraterrestrial_intelligence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExoplanetSearchProjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuron_doctrine http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNeurons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeansOfEly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLowndeanProfessorsOfAstronomyAndGeometry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSecondWranglers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCountyDurham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peacock http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrefectsOfIsère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAuxerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheFirstFrenchEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronsOfTheFirstFrenchEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOfficersOfTheFrenchAcademyOfSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcoleNormaleSupérieureAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheFrenchRevolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fourier http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDivisionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPost-impressionistPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCubistArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryFrenchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryFrenchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchArtCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Metzinger http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOfficersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheBritishScienceAssociation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheZoologicalSocietyOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfClareCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommandersOfTheRoyalVictorianOrder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAutobiographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheUniversityOfLeicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfLearnedSocietiesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBAFTAFellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety(Statute12)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommandersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTwoControllers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfUniversityCollegeLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEnvironmentalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromIsleworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheSocietyOfAntiquariesOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtWyggestonGrammarSchoolForBoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheLondonSchoolOfEconomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishConservationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishTelevisionDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLeicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocumentaryFilmDirectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgebraicStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Weather_Observers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHobbyistOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Weather_Observers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMycologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPre-LinnaeanBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalian-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPalermo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSicilianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Boccone http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPodoliaGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeopleOfUkrainianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBar,Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bunyakovsky http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entscheidungsproblem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConjectures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcolePolytechniqueAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatÉcoleDesPontsParisTechAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTextbookWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Louis_Cauchy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_possibility http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishHumorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharismaRecordsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Comedian109940146
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVirginRecordsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishComedians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAristaRecordsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1825
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInOhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInSummitCounty,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheUndergroundRailroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron,_Ohio http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInOhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalinism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEponyms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasma_(physics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalConductors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1871
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1918
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Empire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheLinneanSocietyOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheBritishScienceAssociation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEntomologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgressiveParty(London)Politicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaronsInThePeerageOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalStatisticalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEntomologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiberalUnionistPartyPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeersOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiberalParty(UK)Politicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishBankers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRectorsOfTheUniversityOfStAndrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtEtonCollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEntomologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeersOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lubbock,_1st_Baron_Avebury http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Commission http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommissions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_technique http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchipelagoesOfThePacificOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1840
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_philosophy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBranchesOfPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianRenaissanceHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianSculptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFlorence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissancePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviationPioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMilitaryEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallisticsExperts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmbassadorsOfTheRepublicOfFlorence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianArchitects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTuscany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFabulists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissanceSculptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviationInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianCivilEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTuscanPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfFlorence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissanceArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissanceArchitects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatQuattrocentoPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissanceScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianRenaissancePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleProsecutedUnderAnti-homosexualityLaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingLanguageDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerHardwareEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanCivilEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightCommandersOfTheOrderOfMeritOfTheFederalRepublicOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Zuse http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_migration http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBirds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_(geometry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Allen_radiation_belt http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpacePlasmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_literature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTravelBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_literature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTravelWebsites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBelgianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaroquePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCourtPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortraitArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPortraitPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAntwerp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincipalPaintersInOrdinary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEngravers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaroquePrintmakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishPrintmakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishEngravers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishBaroquePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Dyck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlemishEtchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCouncilOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanceCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStreetsInTheCityOfWestminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStreetsInWestminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Street104334599
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatShoppingStreetsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStreetsInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_painter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_painter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCourtPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_painter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianArtCollectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlchemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefendersOfSlavery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoreticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallisticsExperts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSouthKesteven(district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMastersOfTheMint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOccultists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAlchemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianMystics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColorScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtTheKing'sSchool,Grantham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExperimentalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLucasianProfessorsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstrumentMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishChristianTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCosmologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_9 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_9 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInWestSussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Technology http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNetworkingCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fictional_universe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCampaignSettings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fictional_universe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalLocations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instrumentation_(music) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicalInstruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Two http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Channel103006398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Two http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionChannelsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Two http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionChannelsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Two http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionChannelsAndStationsEstablishedIn1964
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Two http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionChannels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheWeimarRepublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Star_Bay http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaysOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theme_(narrative) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNarrativeUnits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theme_(narrative) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_(electoral_district) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctNovaScotiaFederalElectoralDistricts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCrystallographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMineralogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMagdeburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWollastonMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMineralogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_diving_dress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnvironmentalSuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_diving_dress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHelmets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishFarmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishAgronomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeidenUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryScottishMedicalDoctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMeteorologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtTheRoyalHighSchool,Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheScottishBorders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFounderFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProto-evolutionaryBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishMeteorologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_(wisdom) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_(wisdom) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVirginGoddesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_(wisdom) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWisdomGoddesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_(wisdom) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGoddesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_(wisdom) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlatonicDeities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_(wisdom) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWisdomDeities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papal_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1870
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papal_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPapalStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papal_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesOnTheItalianPeninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papal_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papal_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papal_States http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn752
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Literary_nonsense http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Literary_nonsense http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_13 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_13 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisneyCoreUniverseCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalCharactersIntroducedIn1934
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharactersInDisneyPackageFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingdomHeartsCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalAnthropomorphicCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComicStrips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnthropomorphicAnimalCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/FictionalCharacter109587565
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnimatedCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisneyComicsCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraphTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissEmigrantsToTheRussianEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleCelebratedInTheLutheranLiturgicalCalendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallisticsExperts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centurySwissMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlindPeopleFromSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlindPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBasel-Landschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAgeOfEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWithEideticMemory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMentalCalculators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Euler http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanBiochemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfHanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfBrandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychiatrists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientistsFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiochemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAmericanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfGerman-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysiologyOrMedicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fritz_Meyerhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoliticalTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalLiberals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAutobiographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoliticalWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLibertarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFeministPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFeministWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEthicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHonoraryFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndividualistFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVotingTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPentonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFeministWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRectorsOfTheUniversityOfStAndrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUtilitarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFreeSpeechActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFeministEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMoralPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Mill http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookselling http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBookstores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continuous_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionsAndMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continuous_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinuousMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCitiesOfRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpecialEconomicZones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlannedCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/City108524735
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlannedCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarboursOfRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheBalticSea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerNationalCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeroCitiesOfTheSovietUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1703
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSetTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfBrandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheUniversityOfZurich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Zermelo http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid-propellant_rocket http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRocketEngines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid-propellant_rocket http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAircraftEngines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGotha(town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnthropologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnatomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEthnologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAnthropologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaxe-Gotha-Altenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaleontologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProto-evolutionaryBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Blumenbach http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCoralSeaIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlioceneVolcanoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImportantBirdAreasOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVolcanoesOfThePacificOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctPrisonsInAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1979
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfThePacificOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPolygeneticVolcanoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubdivisionsOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrisonMuseumsInAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianPenalColonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfNorfolkIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVolcanoesOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVolcanoesOfZealandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandsOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExtinctVolcanoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInOceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianExternalTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academic_certificate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academic_certificate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatQualifications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academic_certificate http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocuments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposure_(photography) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_County,_California http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_County,_California http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesInTheSanFranciscoBayArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_County,_California http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_County,_California http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCaliforniaCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belt_(mechanical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomobileTransmissions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belt_(mechanical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBeltDrives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belt_(mechanical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotiveTechnologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanSitesInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe2ndCenturyBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediterraneanPortCitiesAndTownsInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerNationalCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInTheProvinceOfValencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInTheProvinceOfValencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcueil http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcueil http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfVal-de-Marne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(BBC_Radio_4) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Show100520257
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(BBC_Radio_4) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCRadio4Programmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(BBC_Radio_4) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCRadioProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(BBC_Radio_4) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishRadioBreakfastShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(BBC_Radio_4) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1957RadioProgrammeDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheSchuylkillRiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1682
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNortheasternUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerUnitedStatesStateCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerNationalCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStatesAtlanticCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlannedCitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCapitalsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarborsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAutomobileDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAerospaceEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviationPioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBelleville,Rhône
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Voisin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_University_(Indiana) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInIndiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_University_(Indiana) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesAffiliatedWithTheChurchOfTheBrethren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_University_(Indiana) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1860
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_University_(Indiana) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClassicalLiberals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAgeOfEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryScottishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfArt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmpiricists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSkeptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishSceptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfReligion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUtilitarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEpistemologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheismActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMoralPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Canada http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfTheArctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2008AmericanTelevisionSeriesEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2008AmericanTelevisionSeriesDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpike(TVNetwork)Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianStatisticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumericalAnalysts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianStatisticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMoscowStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromZhukovskyDistrict,KalugaOblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRussianInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKalugaGovernorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDemidovPrizeLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryRussianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallisticsExperts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatisticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pafnuty_Chebyshev http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Boy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTuskegeeUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Boy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanMaleRappers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Boy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRappersFromAlabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Boy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthernHipHopMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Boy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Boy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusiciansFromMobile,Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Boy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Valley_Daily_Bulletin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewspapersPublishedInTheGreaterLosAngelesArea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Valley_Daily_Bulletin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediaNewsGroupPublications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Valley_Daily_Bulletin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicationsEstablishedIn1990
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Valley_Daily_Bulletin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewspapersPublishedInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksPublishedUnderAPseudonym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_(novel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_numerals http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic_numerals http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_My_Bluff http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPanelGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_My_Bluff http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1965BritishTelevisionProgrammeDebuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_My_Bluff http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionGameShows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_My_Bluff http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2005BritishTelevisionProgrammeEndings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWetzlar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanticPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWeimar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromThuringia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanDiplomats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPantheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanTravelWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAutobiographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNon-fictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAphorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFrankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMonarchists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromJena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-languagePoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColorScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMineralogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutobiographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wolfgang_von_Goethe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulasOfAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Continent109254614
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/YagoGeoEntity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_23 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_23 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanity+ http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssociations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanity+ http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalNon-profitOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanity+ http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranshumanistOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanity+ http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalNongovernmentalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARPANET http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWideAreaNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARPANET http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARPANET http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precursor_(chemistry) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalCompounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInPennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInPhiladelphia,Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1740s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_writing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYearCelebrations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_1 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_performance http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerBenchmarks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expansion_team http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expansion_team http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSportsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauffen_am_Neckar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauffen_am_Neckar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInBaden-Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauffen_am_Neckar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInBaden-Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrientalOrthodoxSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianSaintsFromTheOldTestament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewTestamentPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEasternOrthodoxSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHebrewBiblePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMythologicalSwordFighters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOldTestamentPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleCelebratedInTheLutheranLiturgicalCalendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(archangel) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Saint110546850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_image http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometricalOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_image http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Hui http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientChineseMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Hui http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChinesePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Hui http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromZibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Hui http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfCaoWei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Hui http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChineseMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Hui http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientistsFromShandong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Hui http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat3rd-centuryChinesePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Hui http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientChinesePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_seaman_(rating) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryRanksOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_seaman_(rating) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryRanksOfTheRoyalNavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_seaman_(rating) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryRanksOfTheUnitedStatesNavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_seaman_(rating) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryRanksOfTheCommonwealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_seaman_(rating) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryRanksOfIreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEastAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeastDevelopedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBantuCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheCommonwealthOfNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwahili-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1964
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macro_photography http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhotographicLenses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfTheProvinceOfFlorence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCapitalsOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerNationalCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoological_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoological_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClubsAndSocietiesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoological_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoological_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoological_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoological_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologyOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoological_Society_of_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEuropeanSeas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Ocean109376198
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSeasOfTheAtlanticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sea109426788
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSeasOfNorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalWaterwaysInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_12 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_12 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1862
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichsmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatModernObsoleteCurrencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichsmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCurrenciesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichsmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Currency113385913
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichsmark http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCurrenciesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kincardineshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLieutenancyAreasOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kincardineshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kincardineshire http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_5 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_5 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bell_Nicholls http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussycat_(band) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopMusicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussycat_(band) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGirlGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussycat_(band) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchCountryMusicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_potential_energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormsOfEnergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_potential_energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Measure100033615
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_E._Martin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_E._Martin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotivePioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_E._Martin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromChatham-Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeastDevelopedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheAfricanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheOrganisationOfIslamicCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInAfrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHornAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfricanCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLandlockedCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerEmpires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiotsAndCivilDisorderInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSieges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunistRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1871
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnarchistRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSiegesInvolvingFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1871Riots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Commune http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRebellionsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holloway,_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfIslington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holloway,_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistrictsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holloway,_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAreasOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holloway,_London http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleOfPolish-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfSheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWisbech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInChemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheCommitteeForSkepticalInquiry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishHumanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientistsAtBellLabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfSussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSceptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleOfPolishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfExeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtBoltonSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_philosophy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_philosophy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalTraditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipple_Van_Buren_Phillips http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipple_Van_Buren_Phillips http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromProvidence,RhodeIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthernUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1863
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewAgePredecessors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleByCityInBaden-Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPatronsOfMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAstrologers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHypnotists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleInAlternativeMedicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mesmer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKonstanz(district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markov_property http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStochasticProcesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markov_property http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarkovProcesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abyssinia_(battle_honour) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattleHonoursOfTheMadrasSappers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abyssinia_(battle_honour) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattleHonoursOfTheBombaySappers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abyssinia_(battle_honour) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattleHonoursOfTheBritishArmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abyssinia_(battle_honour) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBattleHonoursOfTheIndianArmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobitism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRivalSuccessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobitism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsOfTheThreeKingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobitism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobitism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInvasionsOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18th_century http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCenturies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchCyclists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTrackCyclists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviationPioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAviators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAerospaceEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotiveEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromParis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_(love) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEmotions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scholasticism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianTheologicalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scholasticism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalTraditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scholasticism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicIdeologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInIllinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheGreatLakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1833
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInlandPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInDuPageCounty,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInIllinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInCookCounty,Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Large_numbers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLargeNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Large_numbers http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_(Catholicism) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicCardinals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_(Catholicism) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBishopsByType
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesopotamia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCivilizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmsDirectedByD.W.Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBlack-and-whiteFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiographCompanyFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Movie106613686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1911Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSilentShortFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1910sDramaFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1910sShortFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1821
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMidwesternUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scholarly_method http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornfield_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFictionalHouses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge,_Tennessee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge,_Tennessee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1942
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge,_Tennessee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInAndersonCounty,Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge,_Tennessee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlannedCitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge,_Tennessee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge,_Tennessee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompanyTownsInTennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge,_Tennessee http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInRoaneCounty,Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PageRank http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PageRank http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithmsOnStrings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PageRank http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternetSearchEngines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PageRank http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PageRank http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternetSearchAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_recognition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUserInterfaceTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_recognition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUserInterfaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_recognition http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpeeches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observer_effect_(physics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConceptsInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_(alphabet) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlphabets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_(alphabet) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraphemes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_(alphabet) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritingSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryazan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe11thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryazan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInRyazanOblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryazan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/City108524735
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zurich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1833
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zurich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zurich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zurich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChiropracticSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zurich http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1833
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfEducation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromStuttgart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEducators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfArt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinentalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheDuchyOfWürttemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecturalTheoreticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProtestantPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHegelianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanHistoriansOfPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIdealists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMoralPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMystics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noosphere http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batavian_revolution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialFreeCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1262
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrefecturesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfBas-Rhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheRhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesOfTheHolyRomanEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(play) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languagePlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(play) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Play107007945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(play) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlaysBySamuelBeckett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(play) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishPlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(play) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1963Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Path_(graph_theory) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraphTheoryObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInMunich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTransportMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRailwayMuseumsInBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnologyMuseumsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTransportMuseumsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRailwayMuseumsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndustryMuseumsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomobileMuseumsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAerospaceMuseumsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsEstablishedIn1906
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Museum103800563
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAerospaceMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTechnologyMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceMuseumsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalMuseumsOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Museum http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorologicalMuseums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_appliance http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHomeAppliances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMiddlesbrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfNewZealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfWashington(state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaritimeWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishCartographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNorthYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfAntarctica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleMurderedInHawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPersonsOfNationalHistoricSignificance(Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfOregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfThePacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishCartographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryCartographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishSailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalNavyOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExplorersOfBritishColumbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_literature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFantasyGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_literature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Graz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Graz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Graz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Graz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1580s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Graz http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1827
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWomenScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDundee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScottishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishWomenScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamina_Fleming http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1871
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnionForTheMediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFederalCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfNATO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheEuropeanUnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGerman-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neolithic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeriodsAndStagesInArchaeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGenoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScreenwriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGoldenWreathLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Sanguineti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianCommunistPartyPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minim_(religious_order) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicOrdersAndSocieties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minim_(religious_order) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMendicantOrders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfKazakhstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfLuxembourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanicLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStress-timedLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBelgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfBrazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfNamibia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–verb–objectLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfRomania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHighGermanLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfHungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfLiechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfTrentino-AltoAdige/Südtirol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubject–object–verbLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVerb-secondLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLanguagesOfVaticanCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFusionalLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologistsOfTheNearEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromUpperClapton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonumentsMen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHackney(LondonBorough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtStJohn'sSchool,Leatherhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheBritishMuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creator_deity http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCreationMyths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creator_deity http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCreatorDeities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_(lover) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMistresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_(lover) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenInHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_17 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSampleReturnMissions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_17 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMannedMissionsToTheMoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_17 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMissionsToTheMoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_17 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Mission108403225
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peary_Land http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFjordsOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peary_Land http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peary_Land http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulasOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peary_Land http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Cape109233715
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peary_Land http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeninsulasOfNorthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Morgan's_laws http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRulesOfInference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Morgan's_laws http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDualityTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Morgan's_laws http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoremsInPropositionalLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Betti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Betti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPistoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Betti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Betti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Betti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Betti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Betti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Betti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSocialites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssassinatedPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfIrishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChoateRosemaryHallAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesSenatorsFromMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssassinatedUnitedStatesPresidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfTheVietnamWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColdWarLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheJohnF.KennedyAssassination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPulitzerPrizeWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDemocraticPartyPresidentsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIrishDiasporaPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpaceAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDemocraticPartyUnitedStatesSenators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheVietnamWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvardUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincetonUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheBoyScoutsOfAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssassinatedAmericanPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleMurderedInTexas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicHeadsOfGovernment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAssassinatedHeadsOfState
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheLondonSchoolOfEconomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMurderVictims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBrookline,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesNavyOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBoston,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_transmission http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLocalAreaNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_transmission http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_transmission http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurea http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNon-metropolitanCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/County108546183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapland_(Sweden) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapland_(Sweden) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincesOfSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_(biology) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTaxonomicCategories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1874Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1875Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1901Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByThomasHardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WORD-FM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRadioStationsInPittsburgh,Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WORD-FM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRadioStationsEstablishedIn1948
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WORD-FM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianRadioStationsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WORD-FM http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/RadioStation104044119
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfBouches-du-Rhône
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Commune108541609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrefecturesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1921
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutesInDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1921
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicsInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr_Institute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingPortugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlobalConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglo-FrenchWars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheStatesAndPeoplesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years'_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingAustria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Residency_(domicile) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHouses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatQualifications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaster'sDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecture-relatedProfessionalAssociations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInTheCityOfWestminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProfessionalAssociationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitectureOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitectureOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProfessionalAssociations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganisationsBasedInLondonWithRoyalPatronage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institute_of_British_Architects http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1834
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periodization http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalEras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2004Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByTheUnderdogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedBySeanGarrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByScottStorch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByLilJon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbumsProducedByWarrynCampbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMario(entertainer)Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEncyclopedists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEssayists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticsOfCatholicism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHaute-Marne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAgeOfEnlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromChampagne-Ardenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMaterialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContributorsToTheEncyclopédie(1751–72)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchArtCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnti–deathPenaltyActivists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryFrenchNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLangres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLetterWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLycéeLouis-le-GrandAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchTranslators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchHistorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEditors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchLiteraryCritics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEncyclopedists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLycéeSaint-LouisAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Diderot http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchEroticaWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnergyCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctPowerCompaniesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPowerCompaniesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerNationalisedIndustriesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1995
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearPowerCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheLondonStockExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricPowerCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnergyCompaniesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfScotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUtilitiesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearPowerCompaniesOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Airport http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Airport102692232
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Airport http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAirportsInSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Airport http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAirportsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOfficersOfTheOrderOfTheBritishEmpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTPeopleFromEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWilmslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersWhoCommittedSuicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincetonUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfManchesterInstituteOfScienceAndTechnology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAthletes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTScientistsFromTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleProsecutedUnderAnti-homosexualityLaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernmentCommunicationsHeadquartersPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammersWhoCommittedSuicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBayesianStatisticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTPeopleFromTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoreticalComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfKing'sCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfManchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtificialIntelligenceResearchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtSherborneSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventorsWhoCommittedSuicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematiciansWhoCommittedSuicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishCryptographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGayMen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMaidaVale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCognitiveScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithBletchleyPark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishInformationTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLong-distanceRunners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLGBTPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithComputerSecurity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Turing http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBluesSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLouisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJazzPianists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSavoyRecordsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBluesMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanJazzPianists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanJazzSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBluesSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJazzMusiciansFromNewOrleans,Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBluesMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatImperialRecordsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusiciansFromLouisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMusicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeccaRecordsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBluesPianists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Joe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComposers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racial_policy_of_Nazi_Germany http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoricalDefinitionsOfRace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiteraryGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorrorGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_fiction http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmGenres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_11 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_11 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_29 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_29 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Canal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanalsInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Canal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBodiesOfWaterOfNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Canal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanalsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Canal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanalsOnTheNationalRegisterOfHistoricPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Canal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Canal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Canal102947212
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_management http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEcologicalProcesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_scholar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_scholar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndependentScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_scholar http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotha http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotha http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInThuringia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Rathenau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Rathenau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Rathenau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfBrandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Rathenau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Rathenau http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortraitArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissancePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCourtPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissanceArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenSpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheProvinceOfBelluno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat15th-centuryItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianRenaissancePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVenetianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_18 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_18 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Sorensen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Sorensen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfDanishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Sorensen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomotivePioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Sorensen http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodidacticism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyAmericanIndustrialCenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1729
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarylandCounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMaryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStatesAtlanticCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCapitalsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndependentCitiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarborsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_(communication) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMassMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwinism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiologyTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwinism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEponyms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1769
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1984SummerOlympicVenues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInLosAngelesCounty,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIncorporatedCitiesAndTownsInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_literature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_literature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmpirePoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCentreParty(Germany)Politicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMetallurgists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFürstenfeldbruck(district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Miller http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCollegesOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/College108278169
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_base http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishPhysicalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUppsalaUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStockholmUniversityAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInChemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishScholarsAndAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFaradayLecturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromUppsalaMunicipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhysicalChemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStockholmUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheAmericanAcademyOfArtsAndSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svante_Arrhenius http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cajal_body http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelomeres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Cyclopaedia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEncyclopedias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Cyclopaedia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageEncyclopedias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Cyclopaedia http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1833Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_program http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEngineeringProjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_program http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanSpaceflightProgrammes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_program http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpacePrograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintoretto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRenaissancePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintoretto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatManneristPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintoretto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromVenice(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintoretto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintoretto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat16th-centuryItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintoretto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicChurchPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintoretto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianRenaissancePainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintoretto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintoretto http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVenetianPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCopenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishNuclearPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatManhattanProjectPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDanishPeopleOfJewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Bohr http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1787
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMaryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInAlleganyCounty,Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInAlleganyCounty,Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBordersOfMaryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Maryland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInMaryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe7thCenturyBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsOfFormerNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInCampania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMediterraneanPortCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarineEngineManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAircraftManufacturersOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1883
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesDisestablishedIn1996
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctMotorVehicleManufacturersOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHomeApplianceManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInFrankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMobilePhoneManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRollingStockManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectronicsCompanies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctCompaniesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalEquipmentManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectronicsCompaniesOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Governor110140314
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFulham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishColonialGovernorsAndAdministrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtTheRoyalHospitalSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGovernorsOfNewSouthWales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAdmirals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianPenalColonyAdministrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryAustralianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalNavyAdmirals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_connector http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalConnectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrical_connector http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerConnectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instructions http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIkaraColtAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instructions http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_engineer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarineOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_engineer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTransportOccupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_engineer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Occupation100582388
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organizational_behavior http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe15thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInSaxony-Anhalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInSaxony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicEnclaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1824
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInWashtenawCounty,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_placement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_placement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarketingTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_placement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdvertisingTechniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingle-partyStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1861
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_consensus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHeuristics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lecture_Circuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2009TelevisionEpisodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lecture_Circuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheOffice(U.S.Season5)Episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lecture_Circuit http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Episode106396330
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnalyticPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheGrandDuchyOfMecklenburg-Schwerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWismar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSetTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Frege http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishGeophysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMeteorologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtStPaul'sSchool,London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDivingEquipmentInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiscoverersOfComets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClimatologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryCartographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromShoreditch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMeteorologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSavilianProfessorsOfGeometry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHackney(LondonBorough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsToLatin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTranslatorsFromArabic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstrumentMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheQueen'sCollege,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Halley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviator_(Aviator_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAviator(band)Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviator_(Aviator_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviator_(Aviator_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEMIAmericaRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviator_(Aviator_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHarvestRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviator_(Aviator_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1979Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Greek http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Language106282651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWuppertal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheRhineProvince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSociologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPrussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRevolutionsOf1848
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishIndustrialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEconomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaterialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfLaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarxistFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUrbanTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmigrantsToTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFeminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Engels http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInSantaClaraCounty,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsAccreditedByTheWesternAssociationOfSchoolsAndColleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1891
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_(theatre) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchitecturalElements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_(theatre) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPartsOfATheatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_de_Rossi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianArchaeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_de_Rossi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_de_Rossi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constructed_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConstructedLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Ekhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryGermanMaleActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Ekhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromGotha(town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Ekhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanMaleStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Ekhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Ekhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Ekhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Ekhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanStageActors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Ekhof http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaleActorsFromHamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScienceOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsBasedInNewYorkCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProfessionalAssociationsBasedInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedIn1947
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerScience-relatedProfessionalAssociations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Organization108008335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalNongovernmentalOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInformationTechnologyOrganisations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputer-relatedOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Computing_Machinery http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClubsAndSocietiesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMasonicGrandMasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianExpatriatesInBrazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticiansFromRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTangier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrisonersSentencedToDeath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRisorgimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleSentencedToDeathInAbsentia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheRevolutionsOf1848
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheFranco-PrussianWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMarseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianExpatriatesInUruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRevolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromStatenIsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheKingdomOfSardinia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeopleOfTheRisorgimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryItalianWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheAmericanCivilWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianSailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMontevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Garibaldi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMercenaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInNorthRhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanTownsAndCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTownsInNorthRhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanTownsAndCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerNationalCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheRhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInNorthRhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanLegions'CampsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSteveMeretzkyGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamesBasedOnNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtariSTGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1984VideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/ComputerGame100458890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTRS-80Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmigaGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMobileGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtari8-bitFamilyGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmstradCPCGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTexasInstrumentsTI-99/4AGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComedyVideoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmstradPCWGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDOSGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGamesByDouglasAdams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommodore64Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMacOSGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAppleIIGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(video_game) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMSXGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfMind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRationalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPantheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Philosopher110423589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishTranslatorsOfTheBible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishSkeptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEarlyModernPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleExcommunicatedBySynagogues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtheistPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPeopleOfPortuguese-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoliticalPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromAmsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnlightenmentPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiblicalScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishBiblicalScholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCriticsOfJudaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMoralPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAmsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Spinoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeterminists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalen_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedBuildingsInOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalen_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedBuildingsInOxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalen_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBuildingsAndStructuresOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalen_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeIListedEducationalBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalen_College,_Oxford http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGradeII*ListedBuildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_3 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_3 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCapitalsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArchaeologicalSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHolyCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldHeritageSitesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanTownsAndCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMuseumsInRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInLazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Site108651247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfTheProvinceOfRome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedInThe8thCenturyBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewTestamentPlaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOfTheUnitedStatesPacificCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1781
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountySeatsInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesWithMillionsOfInhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInLosAngelesCounty,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInLosAngelesCounty,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortsAndHarborsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIncorporatedCitiesAndTownsInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco-Prussian_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConflictsIn1870
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco-Prussian_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco-Prussian_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingPrussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco-Prussian_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Conflict100958896
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco-Prussian_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco-Prussian_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryConflicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco-Prussian_War http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWarsInvolvingTheStatesAndPeoplesOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSociologicalParadigms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrinciples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoriesOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalTraditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEponyms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicIdeologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRulersOfEthiopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfSavoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfSardinia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfItaly(1861–1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeopleOfTheItalo-TurkishWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfPiedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheCivilOrderOfSavoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianExiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheOrderOfTheMostHolyAnnunciation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIPoliticalLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMonarchists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMonarchsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNaples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheGoldMedalOfMilitaryValor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbanianMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPeopleOfWorldWarI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianMonarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatItalianPrinces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheOrderOfTheCrownOfItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMonarchsWhoAbdicated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClaimantKingsOfJerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Emmanuel_III_of_Italy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGrandMastersOfTheOrderOfSaintsMauriceAndLazarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont_Experimental_Station http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChemicalResearchInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_11 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_11 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Air_Forces http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesArmyAirForces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Air_Forces http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsOfTheUnitedStatesInWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Air_Forces http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsDisestablishedIn1947
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Air_Forces http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MilitaryUnit108198398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Air_Forces http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitaryUnitsAndFormationsEstablishedIn1941
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKensington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstrumentMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dollond http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_4 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_4 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromShrewsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanEvolutionTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWollastonMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalEntomologicalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEvolutionaryBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishEntomologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheZoologicalSocietyOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtShrewsburySchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGentlemanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishTravelWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTheUniversityOfEdinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanistsWithAuthorAbbreviations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromShropshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTravelWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishExplorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishSceptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfChrist'sCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEvolutionaryPsychologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversityTownsInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInLowerSaxony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanStateCapitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Location100027167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMunicipalitiesInLowerSaxony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discourse_analysis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEvaluationMethods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discourse_analysis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpeeches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkio_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctUniversitiesAndCollegesInMissouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkio_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1883
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkio_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsDisestablishedIn1992
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkio_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromUtah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDavisCounty,Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanVideoGameDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSaltLakeCity,Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComputerScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanLatterDaySaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUtahStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVideoGameDesigners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChiefExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAtariPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Bushnell http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSocietyOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHamilton,Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCanadianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsMedalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJohnsHopkinsUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Fields http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Environmental_movement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnvironmentalMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Environmental_movement http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialMovements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesAccreditedByTheSouthernAssociationOfCollegesAndSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresbyterianUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConferenceCarolinasSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1867
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Record_(computer_science) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDataStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parity_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIntegers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parity_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parity_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeX http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpenFormats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeX http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMarkupLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeX http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Software106566077
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeX http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPageDescriptionLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeX http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerFileFormats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeX http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Format106636806
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharactersInTheIliad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Deity109505418
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeitiesInTheIliad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCharactersInTheOdyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measurable_function http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionsAndMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Jeffreys http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWelshJudges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinoco http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfVenezuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinoco http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalRiversOfSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinoco http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDrainageBasinsOfTheAtlanticOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinoco http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfColombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinoco http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRiversOfSouthAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinoco http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBorderRivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinoco http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalRivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinoco http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/River109411430
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesAccreditedByTheSouthernAssociationOfCollegesAndSchools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrivateUniversitiesAndCollegesInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1780s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInKentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInLexington,Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesAffiliatedWithTheChristianChurch(DisciplesOfChrist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunderwaffe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorldWarIIWeaponsOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunderwaffe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeaponsOfGermany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5th_century_BC http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCenturies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromAdamsCounty,Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColumbiaUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuclearPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatManhattanProjectPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNuclearPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rainwater http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_question http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNationalQuestions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_(book) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksOfPhotographs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_(book) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_(book) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1994Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_(book) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBooksByDavidLynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americans http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americans http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americans http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDemographicsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circumstance_(short_story) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/ShortStory106371999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circumstance_(short_story) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanShortStories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circumstance_(short_story) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1860ShortStories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumorousPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfTheVictorianEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishChildren'sWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromIslington(LondonBorough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishIllustrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersWhoIllustratedTheirOwnWriting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPainters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishBirdArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishComedians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFantasyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWithEpilepsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromHighgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWatercolourists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChildren'sBookIllustrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWildlifeArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIllustrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lear http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis_of_algorithms http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInSpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientGreekMathematicalWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicsBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicsTextbooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat3rd-centuryBCBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat4th-centuryBCBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWorksByEuclid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Book106410904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_studies http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBranchesOfSociology(interdisciplinary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_(communications) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_(communications) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicar_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCaricaturists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicar_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSantiago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicar_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicar_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChileanArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicar_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicar_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisneyComicsWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicar_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDisneyComicsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicar_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChileanComicsArtists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicar_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChileanCartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicar_(comics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChileanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palme_d'Or http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFilmAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palme_d'Or http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInternationalFilmAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palme_d'Or http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Award106696483
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palme_d'Or http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchFilmAwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palme_d'Or http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAwardsForBestFilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palme_d'Or http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAwardsEstablishedIn1955
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-level_programming_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingParadigms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-level_programming_language http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProgrammingLanguages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Involuntary_commitment http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPsychiatricPatients
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesFromWestBengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Saint110546850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnti-povertyAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbanianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndianRomanCatholicReligiousSistersAndNuns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWithAcquiredIndianCitizenship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHonoraryCompanionsOfTheOrderOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicReligiousSistersAndNuns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompanionsOfTheOrderOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDarjeeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHumanitarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndianSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromKolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndianNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbanianBeatifiedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbanianRomanCatholicReligiousSistersAndNuns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPatronalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatYugoslavEmigrantsToIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomenNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNuns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFolkSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSkopje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndianBeatifiedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWestBengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianMissionariesInIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndianReligiousLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBeatifiedPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlbanianWomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTempletonPrizeLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFemaleRomanCatholicMissionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelPeacePrizeLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminiferous_aether http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAetherTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminiferous_aether http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatObsoleteScientificTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunesOfTheProvinceOfLivorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livorno http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesAndTownsInTuscany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_of_science http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/District108552138
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProvincesAndTerritoriesOfCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1867
http://dbpedia.org/resource/February_27 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/February_27 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perspective_(graphical) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFunctionsAndMappings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishBiologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishAutobiographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUppsalaUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishEntomologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBeekeepers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHorticulturistsAndGardeners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatZoologistsWithAuthorAbbreviations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIchthyologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishZoologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishNaturalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishGeologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithTheSwedishEastIndiaCompany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTaxonomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromÄlmhultMunicipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanistsWithAuthorAbbreviations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishOrnithologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfThePolarStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishScholarsAndAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centurySwedishPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centurySwedishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLundUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishPhysicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryLatin-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishTaxonomists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPteridologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishMammalogists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBotanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centurySwedishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwedishMycologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat5th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientChineseMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChinesePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSouthernQiPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAncientChineseAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiuSongPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChineseAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChineseMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLiuSongWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat5th-centuryChinesePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rensselaer_Polytechnic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCollegeNewspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rensselaer_Polytechnic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Newspaper106267145
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rensselaer_Polytechnic http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStudentNewspapersPublishedInNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conjunction_(grammar) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPartsOfSpeech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Kraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Kraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Kraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Kraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWritersFromVienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Kraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLibrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Kraft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleCondemnedByNaziCourts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertical_draft http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBasicMeteorologicalConceptsAndPhenomena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegelianism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalTraditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegelianism http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoriesOfHistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Basilisk_(H11) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Career100583246
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Basilisk_(H11) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Image105928118
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Basilisk_(H11) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMaritimeIncidentsIn1940
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Basilisk_(H11) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Feature105849789
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianDenominations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianDenominationalFamilies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Church http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianOrganizationsEstablishedInThe1stCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatContinents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesInThePeerageOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishDramatistsAndPlaywrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOriginalFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCavaliers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDuellists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeersOfEngland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfBuckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Peer109626238
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academic_journal http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Automobile_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1899
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Automobile_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesDisestablishedIn1901
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Automobile_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMotorVehicleManufacturersBasedInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Automobile_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTruckManufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Automobile_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctMotorVehicleManufacturersOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Automobile_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Automobile_Company http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctCompaniesBasedInMichigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunistStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountriesInTheCaribbean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCaribbeanIslands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingle-partyStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1902
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSpanish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSocialistStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-25 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIsotopeSeparationFacilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-25 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSuperfundSitesInTennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-25 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMilitarySuperfundSites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-25 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIsotopeSeparationFacilitiesOfTheManhattanProject
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-Euclidean_geometry http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFieldsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSecretariesOfStateForTheHomeDepartment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPaymastersOfTheForces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfClareCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishViscounts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersOfTheHouseOfLords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLeadersOfTheHouseOfCommons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatViscountsInThePeerageOfGreatBritain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromSidcup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_(singer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAfrican-AmericanSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_(singer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_(singer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_(singer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDetroit,Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_(singer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMaleSingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_(singer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Artist109812338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCommunistStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesDisestablishedIn1991
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerSlavicCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSingle-partyStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1922
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFormerCountriesInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Jena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1550s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Jena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPublicUniversities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Jena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGlassScienceInstitutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Jena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Jena http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInThuringia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunu http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountiesOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunu http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSubdivisionsOfGreenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkenntnis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophyJournals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkenntnis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Magazine106595351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkenntnis http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Periodical106593296
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oricon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMusicOrganizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oricon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oricon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesOfJapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oricon http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesListedOnTheJASDAQSecuritiesExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Pollard_Espy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Pollard_Espy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanMeteorologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_te_Riele http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheHague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_te_Riele http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_te_Riele http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_te_Riele http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNumberTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_te_Riele http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_te_Riele http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat21st-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_te_Riele http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biopolymer http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiotechnologyProducts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArabic-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheOrganisationOfIslamicCooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNearEasternCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatesAndTerritoriesEstablishedIn1946
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMiddleEasternCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheUnitedNations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslamicStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWesternAsianCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMemberStatesOfTheArabLeague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Implicature http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophicalConcepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probability_interpretations http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityInterpretations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_School_(economics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicTheories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_School_(economics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEconomicIdeologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_limit_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityTheorems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_limit_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheorems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_limit_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalTheorems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_limit_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatisticalTheorems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_limit_theorem http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityDistributions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Moore_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Moore_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Moore_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScientificInstrumentMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Moore_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Moore_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Moore_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOpticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Moore_Hall http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_24 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDaysOfTheYear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_24 http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesArmyChiefsOfStaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatArmyBlackKnightsFootballPlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBritishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmerican5StarOfficers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanBridgePlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfTheKoreanWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColdWarLeaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompanionsOfTheLiberation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfSwissDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesArmyWarCollegeAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOperationOverlordPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfTheRoyalHouseOfChakri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesMilitaryAcademyAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPoliticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTexas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfWorldWarII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromDenison,Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheElephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRepublicanPartyPresidentsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesMilitaryGovernors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNATOSupremeAlliedCommanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfColumbiaUniversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsAndDamesOfTheCollarOfTheEquestrianOrderOfTheHolySepulchre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfSwiss-GermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRepublicanParty(UnitedStates)Politicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfPoloniaRestituta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Officeholder110371450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUnitedStatesArmyGenerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_D._Eisenhower http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheGermanAcademyOfSciencesLeopoldina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNonviolenceAdvocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheoreticalPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPantheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHumanitarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWithAcquiredSwissCitizenship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryAstronomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNobelLaureatesInPhysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromUlm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromZürich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatETHZurichAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleWithAcquiredAustria-HungaryCitizenship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfSwiss-JewishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPacifists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromPrinceton,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanSocialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPatentExaminers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRefugees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissEmigrantsToTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheKingdomOfWürttemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMunich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBerlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAmericanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhilosophersOfScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanEmigrantsToSwitzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryGermanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissAcademics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStatelessPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJewishAmericanWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustrianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWinterthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanNobelLaureates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSwissAgnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCosmologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousPeoplesOfUkraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInCrimea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInKyrgyzstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInAzerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInSerbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInPoland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInMoldova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInUkraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInKazakhstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInVojvodina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInHungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainians http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSlavicEthnicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeBase http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Company108058098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeBase http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesDisestablishedIn2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeBase http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctCompaniesBasedInCalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeBase http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDefunctRetailCompaniesOfTheUnitedStates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeBase http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesBasedInIrvine,California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeBase http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRetailCompaniesEstablishedIn1983
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aboriginal_Tasmanian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAustralianAboriginalPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aboriginal_Tasmanian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aboriginal_Tasmanian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aboriginal_Tasmanian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExtinctEthnicGroups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aboriginal_Tasmanian http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndigenousPeoplesOfAustralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEvaluationMethods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMethodsInSociology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMethodsAndPrinciplesInArchaeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_research http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatResearchMethods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Time http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFolkloristicCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Time http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHolidayCharacters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianAtheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromRyazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSaintPetersburgStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianStatisticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryRussianMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRussianPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat20th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Markov http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe15thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInItaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOrganizationsEstablishedInThe15thCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInPiedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Turin http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfCanadianDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeafPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmStudioExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithEnergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBritishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromEdison,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBatteryInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCinemaPioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanScientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPhysicists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromManhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleAssociatedWithElectricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanElectricalEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromMilan,Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGeneralElectricPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromNewark,NewJersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelecommunicationsEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleOfUnitedEmpireLoyalistDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromFortMyers,Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanEngineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfDutchDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfScottishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Person100007846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanChiefExecutives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanDeists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_(Ringer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2011TelevisionEpisodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_(Ringer) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Episode106396330
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanJournalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanStand-upComedians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionTalkShowHosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLivingPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfGermanDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfBritishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Comedian109940146
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfScotch-IrishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKennedyCenterHonorees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanComedians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromIndianapolis,Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIndyCarSeriesTeamOwners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWeatherPresenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanHumorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeopleOfEnglishDescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionHosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionTalkShowHosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanFilmProducers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComedians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTelevisionProducersFromNewYork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Letterman http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallStateUniversityAlumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianSaintsFromTheOldTestament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCopticOrthodoxSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHebrewBiblePeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProphets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleCelebratedInTheLutheranLiturgicalCalendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProphetsOfIslam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOldTestamentPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBiblicalPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRomanCatholicSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonogram_Records http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRecordLabelsDisestablishedIn1972
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonogram_Records http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishRecordLabels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonogram_Records http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCompaniesEstablishedIn1962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonogram_Records http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopRecordLabels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonogram_Records http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRockRecordLabels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonogram_Records http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRecordLabelsEstablishedIn1962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonogram_Records http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDutchRecordLabels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AdministrativeDistrict108491826
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSkiAreasAndResortsInCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesInGreaterVancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortSettlementsInCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatCitiesInBritishColumbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCitiesAndTownsOnTheCanadianPacificCoast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesOnTheFraserRiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1867
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedPlacesEstablishedIn1886
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPopulatedCoastalPlacesInCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortCities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technique_(album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technique_(album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewOrderAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technique_(album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMadchesterAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technique_(album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technique_(album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1989Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technique_(album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Medium106254669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technique_(album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFactoryRecordsAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_fiction_film http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScienceFictionFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Series_(mathematics) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicalStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impurity_(Fleshcrawl_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1994Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impurity_(Fleshcrawl_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Album106591815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impurity_(Fleshcrawl_album) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFleshcrawlAlbums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMastersOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHistoriansOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtFelstedSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOriginalFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtCharterhouseSchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat17th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProfessorsOfGreshamCollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhilologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishChristianTheologians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLucasianProfessorsOfMathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Barrow http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Trip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat2008TelevisionEpisodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Trip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheOffice(U.S.Season5)Episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Trip http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Episode106396330
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woodlanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woodlanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1887Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woodlanders http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNovelsByThomasHardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Quadricycle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Car102958343
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Quadricycle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordVehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Quadricycle http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutomobilesPoweredByBoxerEngines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatElections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLegislatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMeetings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatConferences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feynman_diagram http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiagrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutonomousCountrySubdivisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslandCountries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatScots-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAutonomousRegions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNUTS1StatisticalRegionsOfTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-speakingCountriesAndTerritories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Country108544813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtRugbySchool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglish-languageWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromRichmond,NorthYorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishAnglicanPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromCheshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPseudonymousWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromRuncorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhilosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVotingTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfOxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPortraitPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfChristChurch,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmateurChessPlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishFantasyWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfChristChurch,Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChristianPriests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMathematicsWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatChildren'sWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishScienceFictionWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPioneersOfPhotography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryEnglishPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishChildren'sWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPhotographers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Writer110794014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishChildren'sWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianPoets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishWriters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatVictorianNovelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishLogicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRecreationalMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAnglicanDeacons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Sweet_Exile/Repeat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Medium106254669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Sweet_Exile/Repeat http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1991Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_the_Wise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Play107007945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_the_Wise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1779Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_the_Wise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPlaysByGottholdEphraimLessing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_the_Wise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGermanPlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_the_Wise http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat18th-centuryPlays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGoldenFleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrincesOfBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Sovereign110628644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheOrderOfTheMostHolyAnnunciation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDukesOfBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegentsOfBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromTheKingdomOfBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheElephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGermanPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromWürzburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleFromBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKnightsOfTheGarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitpold,_Prince_Regent_of_Bavaria http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatKingsOfBavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatInfinitelyDivisibleProbabilityDistributions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExponentialFamilyDistributions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDiscreteDistributions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDistributionsWithConjugatePriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatProbabilityDistributions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Distribution105729036
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_distribution http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoissonProcesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems_by_Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPoems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems_by_Edgar_Allan_Poe http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBallads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGroupTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPresidentsOfTheBritishScienceAssociation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishLawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBritishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTheRoyalSociety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEnglishPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDeMorganMedallists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlumniOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBritishMathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSeniorWranglers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAlgebraicGeometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFellowsOfTrinityCollege,Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicsOfTheUniversityOfCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRoyalMedalWinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatGraphTheorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPeopleEducatedAtKing'sCollegeSchool,Wimbledon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cayley http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Scientist110560637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedIn1971
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInCambridge,Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_College http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSchoolsOfInternationalRelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInMoscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/University108286569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEducationalInstitutionsEstablishedInThe1750s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesInRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_State_University http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatUniversitiesAndCollegesInMoscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collision_domain http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutionSites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrisonsInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAreasOfLondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatLondonBoroughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyburn http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatExecutionSitesInTheUnitedKingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatMajorLeagueBaseballShortstops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Player110439851
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat19th-centuryBaseballPlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBaseballPlayersFromMassachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNavyMidshipmenBaseballCoaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatYaleBulldogsMen'sBasketballCoaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNewYorkGiants(NL)Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatYaleBulldogsBaseballCoaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatYaleBulldogsBaseballPlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatColumbiaLionsBaseballCoaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStanfordCardinalBaseballCoaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFordhamRamsFootballCoaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Murphy http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBinghamtonCricketsPlayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_of_mathematics http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBranchesOfPhilosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infante http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatPrinces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridges_TV http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Channel106259898
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridges_TV http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIslamicTelevisionNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridges_TV http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAmericanTelevisionNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_degree http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAcademicDegrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Territorial_dispute http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBorders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEthnicGroupsInDenmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/EthnicGroup107967382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatNorthGermanicPeoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quote_notation http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatComputerArithmeticAlgorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Earth_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDocumentaryFilmsAboutNature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Earth_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBBCTelevisionDocumentaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Earth_(TV_series) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Television106277280
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_(territory) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatAdministrativeDivisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_(territory) http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRegionsOfEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Cross http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRelicsAssociatedWithJesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Cross http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatRelics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagpipes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFrenchMusicalInstruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagpipes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatClarinets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagpipes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatIranianMusicalInstruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagpipes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOboes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagpipes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBagpipes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagpipes http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatWoodwindInstruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatDurchmusterungObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatFlamsteedObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHRObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHipparcosObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatBayerObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSolar-typeStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatG-typeStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatStarsWithProperNames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatG-typeMain-sequenceStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Ceti http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatHenryDraperCatalogueObjects
